冰雪奇缘
隆冬严寒  漫天雨雪  Born of cold and winter air and mountain rain combining
冰封之力  无情又无私  This icy force both foul and fair
辛勤开垦这冰雪之心  Has a frozen heart worth mining
切开冰冷清澈的结晶  So cut through the heart, cold and clear
对这冰雪又爱又恨  Strike for love and strike for fear
冰封美景  See the beauty sharp and sheer
割开坚冰  Split the ice apart
打碎冰雪之心  And break the frozen heart
嘿  呦  留神脚下  别逞强  Hup! Ho! Watch your step! Let it go
嘿  呦  留神脚下  别逞强  Hup! Ho! Watch your step! Let it go
美丽又强大  Beautiful! Powerful
危险又冷酷  Dangerous! Cold
冰雪是不受约束的魔法  Ice has a magic can't be controlled
胜过一人  胜过十人  Stronger than one, stronger than ten
胜过成百上千人  Stronger than a hundred men
隆冬严寒  漫天雨雪  Born of cold and winter air and mountain rain combining
冰封之力  无情又无私  This icy force both foul and fair
辛勤开垦这冰雪之心  Has a frozen heart worth mining
切开冰冷清澈的结晶  Cut through the heart, cold and clear
对这冰雪又爱又恨  Strike for love and strike for fear
美丽和危险为伴  There's beauty and there's danger here
割开坚冰  Split the ice apart
小心冰雪之心  Beware the frozen heart
跟上  斯温  Come on, Sven!
喂  艾尔莎  Elsa. Psst!
艾尔莎  Elsa!
醒醒  醒醒  快醒醒  Wake up. Wake up. Wake up.
安娜  快回去睡觉吧  Anna, go back to sleep.
我就是睡不着  天上有光  我就睡不着  I just can't. The sky's awake, so I'm awake,
所以起来玩吧  so we have to play.
你自己去玩吧  Go play by yourself.
快来陪我堆雪人嘛  Do you want to build a snowman?
快来  快来  快来  快来  Come on, come on, come on, come on.
快用魔法  快用魔法  Do the magic! Do the magic!
准备好了吗  Ready?
太神奇了  This is amazing!
看这个  Watch this!
你好  我叫奥洛夫  我喜欢热情的拥抱  Hi, I'm Olaf and I like warm hugs.
我喜欢你  奥洛夫  I love you, Olaf.
-等等  -接住我  -接住你了  -Hang on. -Catch me! -Gotcha!
-再来一次  -等等  -Again! -Wait!
慢点儿  Slow down!
安娜  Anna!
安娜  Anna?
妈妈  爸爸  Mama! Papa!
你没事的  安娜  我会保护你的  You're okay, Anna. I got you.
艾尔莎  你干了什么  太过分了  Elsa, what have you done? This is getting out of hand!
这是个意外  我很抱歉  安娜  It was an accident. I'm sorry, Anna.
-她像冰一样冷  -我知道该去哪儿  -She's ice cold. -I know where we have to go.
冰  Ice?
再快点  斯温  Faster, Sven!
斯温  Sven!
请帮帮我  Please... Help!
我女儿她  My daughter!
是国王  He is the King!
地精  Trolls...?
安静  我正听着呢  Shush. I'm trying to listen.
小可爱们  我要把你们都留下  Cuties. I'm gonna keep you.
国王陛下  Your Majesty!
是生来就有还是中了恶咒  Born with the powers or cursed?
生来就有  而且法力越来越强了  Born. And they're getting stronger.
幸好伤到的不是她的心  You are lucky it wasn't her heart.
心不容易恢复  The heart is not so easily changed,
头却不难治好  but the head can be persuaded.
请你尽力  Do what you must.
我建议抹去所有和魔法有关的东西  I recommend we remove all magic,
为了保险  有魔法的记忆都不要留  even memories of magic to be safe...
但是别担心  快乐的记忆还在  But don't worry, I'll leave the fun.
她会没事的  She will be okay.
她不会记得我的魔法吗  But she won't remember I have powers?
-安全起见  -听我说  艾尔莎  -It's for the best. -Listen to me, Elsa,
你的魔法只会日渐增强  your power will only grow.
虽然是美好的  There is beauty in it...
但也有危险  but also great danger.
你必须学会控制  You must learn to control it.
恐惧是你的敌人  Fear will be your enemy.
不  我们会保护他  她肯定能学会控制  No. We'll protect her. She can learn to control it. I'm sure.
不过现在  Until then,
还是关上城门  遣散仆从  we'll lock the gates. We'll reduce the staff.
尽量减少她与别人的接触  We will limit her contact with people
防止别人知道她的魔法  and keep her powers hidden from everyone...
包括安娜  including Anna.
艾尔莎  Elsa?
快来陪我堆雪人嘛  Do you want to build a snowman
我们一起出去玩吧  Come on let's go and play
我再也没见到你  快出来呀  I never see you anymore. Come out the door
你好像离开我了  It's like you've gone away
我们曾是好伙伴  We used to be best buddies
现在你却不理我  快告诉我为什么  And now we're not. I wish you would tell me why
快来陪我堆雪人嘛  Do you want to build a snowman
不堆雪人也可以呀  It doesn't have to be a snowman
走吧  安娜  Go away, Anna.
好吧  再见  Okay bye
戴着手套会有帮助  瞧  The gloves will help. See...
-封闭起来  -不要去感受  -Conceal it. -Don't feel it.
别让人看清  Don't let it show.
快来陪我堆雪人嘛  Do you want to build a snowman
或是骑车绕大厅跑  Or ride our bike around the hall
好久没人陪我玩  I think some company is overdue
我都只能对画唱歌了  I've started talking to the pictures on the walls
撑住  贞德  Hang in there, Joan.
房间这么空  内心好孤单  It gets a little lonely all these empty rooms
看时光滴答流逝  Just watching the hours tick by
我很害怕  魔法越来越强了  I'm scared. It's getting stronger.
害怕只会越来越糟  Getting upset only makes it worse.
冷静下来  Calm down.
不  别碰我  求你了  我不想伤害你  No. Don't touch me. Please. I don't want to hurt you.
我们两周后见  See you in two weeks.
-你们一定要走吗  -你会没事的  艾尔莎  -Do you have to go? -You'll be fine, Elsa.
艾尔莎  Elsa?
求你了  我知道你在里面  Please, I know you're in there
人们都在打听你的下落  People are asking where you've been
他们说要勇敢  我也在努力  They say have courage and I'm trying to
我就在门外  让我进来吧  I'm right out here for you. Just let me in
现在只剩你我  We only have each other
我们彼此相依  It's just you and me
我们究竟该怎么办  What are we gonna do
快来陪我堆雪人嘛  Do you want to build a snowman
三   年   后
-欢迎来到阿伦黛尔  -谢谢您  先生  -Welcome to Arendelle! -Merci, monsieur!
请小心脚下  城门马上就会开启  Watch your Steps please. The gates will opening Soon.
为什么我非得穿这个  Why do I have to wear this?
因为女王已经成年  Because the Queen has come of age.
今天是加冕日  It's Coronation Day!
那又不是我的错  That's not my fault.
-你想要什么  斯温  -给我个点心  -What do you want, Sven? -Give me a snack!
-那暗号是什么  -请给我  -What's the magic word? -Please!
喂喂喂  一人一半  A..A... a... a! Share!
今天城门居然开启了  I can't believe they're finally opening up the gates!
而且是开一整天  And for a whole day!
快点儿  珀西  Faster, Persi!
阿伦黛尔  我最神秘的贸易伙伴  Ah, Arendelle, our most mysterious trade partner.
开启了城门等着我探寻  Open those gates so I may unlock your secrets
榨取财富  and exploit your riches.
我是不是说得太大声了  Did I just say that out loud?
我已经等不及想看看  Oh, me sore eyes can't wait to
女王陛下和公主殿下了  see the Queen and the Princess.
她们一定非常可爱  I bet they're absolutely lovely.
肯定是美丽动人  I bet they are beautiful.
安娜公主  Princess Anna...?
什么事  Huh? Yeah?
-抱歉打扰  但是殿下  -不不不  没有  -Sorry to wake you, ma'am but... -No, no, no. You didn't.
我已经起床很久了  I've been up for hours.
谁啊  Who is it?
还是我  殿下  城门马上就要开启  It's still me, ma'am. The gates will open soon.
-该做准备了  -当然  -Time to get ready. -Of course!
准备什么  Ready for what?
您姐姐的加冕仪式  殿下  Your sister's coronation, ma'am.
姐姐的加冕仪式  My sister's cor-neration...
今天是加冕日  It's coronation day!
今天是加冕日  It's coronation day!
窗户和大门都已开启  The window is open! So's that door
好久没有这样过  I didn't know they did that anymore
谁知道我们有八千个沙拉碟呢  Who knew we owned 8000 salad plates
我在这空荡的大厅漫步多年  For years I have roamed these empty halls
没有舞会  要舞厅有什么用  Why have a ballroom with no balls
终于  城门就要开启了  Finally, they're opening up the gates
都是有血有肉的人  There'll be actual, real-life people
这感觉好奇怪  It'll be totally strange
可我早已准备好了  But wow am I so ready for this change
因为好久以来  'Cause for the first time in forever
会有音乐  伴着灯光  There'll be music, there'll be light
因为好久以来  For the first time in forever
我将彻夜翩然起舞  I'll be dancing through the night
我不知道是兴奋还是得意  Don't know if I'm elated or gassy
但总之也差不多  But I'm somewhere in that zone
因为好久以来  'Cause for the first time in forever
我将不再孤单  我等不及见到大家  I won't be alone. I can't wait to meet everyone...
如果遇到真命天子呢  What if I meet "The one"?
今晚  想象自己礼服加身  Tonight, imagine me gown and all
迷人地斜倚着墙  Fetchingly draped against the wall
好一幅精致优雅的画面  The picture of sophisticated Grace
蓦然回首  看到我的他  I suddenly see him standing there
素未谋面  面容俊朗  a beautiful stranger tall and fair
我只想嘴里塞满巧克力  I wanna stuff some chocolate in my face
但我们彻夜畅谈欢笑  But then we laugh and talk all evening
说起来也奇怪  Which is totally bizarre
和以前的生活截然不同  Nothing like the life I've led so far
好久好久以来  For the first time in forever
生活中充满了魔法和欢乐  There'll be magic, there'll be fun
好久好久以来  For the first time in forever
我会受人瞩目  I could be noticed by someone
我知道这是疯言疯语  And I know it is totally crazy
想象自己能找到真爱  To dream I'd find romance
但这是好久以来  But for the first time in forever
至少我有了机会  At least I've got a chance
掩藏好自己  不许人靠近  Don't let them in. Don't let them see
乖乖听话  别让大家担心  Be the good girl You always have to be
把真心封闭  Conceal. Don't feel.
演好这出戏  Put on a show.
走错一步  就会人尽皆知  Make one wrong move and everyone will know
只是为了今天  But it's only for today
只是为了今天  It's only for today
等待使人心焦  It's agony to wait
等待使人心焦  It's agony to wait
通知守卫打开  城门  Tell the guards to open up the gate
打开城门  The gate
这是好久以来  For the first time in forever
我将获得梦想的一切  I'm getting what I'm dreaming of.
乖乖听话  别让大家担心  Be the good girl you always have to be.
改变我生活的机会  A chance to change my only world.
把真心封闭  Conceal.
一个获得真爱的机会  A chance to find true love
把真心封闭  不让人看清  Conceal. Don't feel, Don't let them know
我知道明天一切将会结束  I know it all ends tomorrow
所以必须抓住今天  So it has to be today
因为这是好久以来  'Cause for the first time in forever
好久以来  For the first time in forever
什么都无法阻止我  Nothing's in my way
我很抱歉  你受伤了吗  I'm so sorry. Are you hurt?
你好  Hey!
-对  不  我没事  -真的吗  -I-ya, no. No. I'm okay. -Are you sure?
没错  是我走路不小心  Yeah, I just wasn't looking where I was going.
-但是我真的没事  -谢天谢地  -But I'm great, actually. -Oh, thank goodness.
我是南部群岛的汉斯王子  Prince Hans of the Southern Isles.
-我是阿伦黛尔的公主  -公主  -Princess Anna of Arendelle. -Princess...?
公主殿下  My Lady.
你好啊  Hi... again.
老天  Oh boy.
真尴尬  不是说你  Ha. This is awkward. Not you're awkward,
但是我们  是我很尴尬  but just because we're...I'm awkward.
你好帅  我说啥了  You're gorgeous. Wait, what?
我想为骑马撞到阿伦黛尔的公主殿下  I'd like to formally apologize for
以及之后发生的种种  hitting the Princess of Arendelle with my horse...
向你正式道歉  and for every moment after.
不  没关系  我并不是那位公主  No. No-no. It's fine. I'm not THAT Princess.
我是说  要是你撞到我姐姐艾尔莎  那可就  I mean, if you'd hit my sister Elsa, that would be...
不好说了  'cuz, you know...
你好  Hello.
但是  幸好  只是我而已  But, lucky you, it's-it's just me.
只是你  Just you?
鸣钟了  是加冕仪式  The bells. The coronation.
我  我  I... I...
我要走了  我必须得走了  I better go. I have to...I better go.
再见  Bye!
陛下  手套  Your Majesty, The gloves.
在此圣地  为您加冕  Sem hon heldr inum helgum eignum ok
至尊无上  统御全境  krynd í tessum helga stae ek té fram fyrir yer
阿伦黛尔的女王艾尔莎  Queen Elsa of Arendelle.
阿伦黛尔的女王艾尔莎  Queen Elsa of Arendelle.
有请阿伦黛尔的女王艾尔莎  Queen Elsa of Arendelle.
有请阿伦黛尔的公主安娜  Princess Anna of Arendelle!
站这儿  你确定  我觉得不该  好吧  Here? Are you sure? I do not think I suppose to...Okay.
你好  Hi.
是在和我说话吗  你好  Hi me...? Oh. Um. Hi.
-你看上去很美  -谢谢  -You look beautiful... -Thank you.
你看上去更圆  不是圆  You look beautifuller. I mean, not fuller.
你一点都不圆  我是说更美  You don't look fuller, but more beautiful.
谢谢  Thank you.
宴会就是这个样子的吗  So, this is what a party looks like?
比我想象中的要温馨得多  It's warmer than I thought.
那奇妙的香味是什么  And what is that amazing smell?
是巧克力  Chocolate.
女王陛下  这是猥琐屯公爵  Your Majesty. The Duke of Weaseltown.
是韦瑟顿  韦瑟顿公爵  Weselton. The Duke of Weselton..
陛下  Your Majesty,
作为您最亲密的贸易伙伴  as your closest partner in trade,
我应该请您跳  it seems only fitting that I offer you
加冕后的第一支舞  your first dance as Queen.
谢谢  可是我不跳舞  Thank you. Only I don't dance.
但我妹妹可以  But my sister does.
-你真幸运  -我想还是  -Lucky you...-Oh, I don't think...
如果你晕过去  告诉我  我会接住你  If you swoon, let me know, I'll catch you.
抱歉  Sorry.
就像只机敏的孔雀  Like an agile peacock...
说起来  城门能开启真是太好了  Speaking of, so great to have the gates open.
为什么之前都要关闭呢  Why did they shut them in the first place?
你知道原因吗  Do you know the reason? Hmm?
我不知道  No. No...
好吧  撑住  Oh, all right. Hang on.
我的外号"小北斗星"可不是浪得虚名  They don't call me "The little dipper" for nothing.
就像一只猴面鸡身的动物  我能飞  Like a chicken...with the face of a monkey... I fly.
准备好再跳一轮的时候请告诉我  殿下  Let me know when you're ready for another round, My Lady.
他真是精力充沛  Well, he was sprightly.
尤其他还穿着高跟鞋  Especially for a man in heels.
-你还好吗  -我从来没这么开心过  -Are you okay? -I've never been better.
感觉太棒了  This is so nice.
我希望以后都能像今天这样  I wish it could be like this all the time.
我也是  Me too...
但是不行  But it can't.
-为什么  -就是不行  -Why not? If... -It just can't.
那我先走了  Excuse me for a minute.
-幸亏我抓住你了  -汉斯  -Glad I caught you. -Hans!
我一般都是一个人乱跑  抱歉  I often had the whole parlor to myself to slide... Oops. Sorry.
你的身材也很不错  Your physique helps, I'm sure too.
-这是什么  -我生来就有这个  -What's this? -I was born with it,
虽然梦里是被地精亲吻过才有的  Although I dreamt I was kissed by a troll.
我很喜欢  I like it.
对  所有的一切  你懂的  Yeah, The whole thing! You got it.
等等  你到底有多少个兄弟  Okay wait, wait. So you have how many brothers?
十二个哥哥  Twelve older brothers.
有两年他们中的三个  Three of them pretended I was invisible...
完全忽视我的存在  literally... for two years.
-太糟糕了  -哥哥们都这样  -That's horrible. -It's what brothers do.
姐姐也是  And sisters.
小时候艾尔莎和我非常亲密  Elsa and I were really close when we were little.
但后来有一天  她也把我拒之门外  But then, one day she just shut me out, and...
我从来不知道原因  And I never knew why.
我永远不会将你拒之门外  I would never shut you out.
我能说点疯话吗  Okay, can I just say something crazy?
我喜欢听疯话  I love crazy.
我的生活不过是面前的一扇又一扇门  All my life has been a series of doors in my face
但是突然之间  我撞见了你  And then suddenly I bump into you
我也这么想  因为  I was thinking the same thing, because like
我穷尽一生只为寻找自我  I've been searching my whole life to find my own place
也许因为这是派对  And maybe it's the party talking
或是巧克力火锅  Or the chocolate fondue
但和你在一起  But with you
我找到了自我  I found my place
看到你的脸  I see your face
这感觉从未有过  And it's nothing like I've ever known before
爱是一扇相互敞开的心门  Love is an open... door
爱是一扇相互敞开的心门  Love is an open... door...door
爱是一扇相互敞开的心门  Love is an open... door
和你在一起  和你在一起  With you! With you
爱是一扇相互敞开的心门  Love is an open door
-这太疯狂了  -什么  -I mean it's crazy. -What?
-我们吃完了对方的  -三明治  -We finish each other's... -Sandwiches!
我正想说这个  That's what I was gonna say
我从未遇到过和我如此默契的人  I've never met someone who thinks so much like me
拉钩  再拉钩  Jinx... jinx again.
我们心意相通  只有一个原因  Our mental synchronization can have but one explanation
你和我是命中注定  You and I were just meant to be
说再见  Say goodbye
对过去的痛苦  To the pain of the past
我们无需再那样活  We don't have to feel it anymore
爱若开启的门  Love is an open... door
爱若开启的门  Love is an open door
生命有你更精彩  Life can be so much more...with you... with you
爱若开启的门  Love is an open... door
我能说句疯狂的话吗  Can I say something crazy...?
你愿意嫁给我吗  Will you marry me?
我能说句更疯狂的话吗  Can I just say something even crazier?
我愿意  Yes.
借过  不好意思  能借过一下吗  Oops! Pardon. Sorry. Can we just get around you there?
谢谢  她在那里  Thank you. Oh, there she is.
艾尔莎  我是说  女王陛下  Elsa! I mean... Queen...
还是我  请允许我介绍  Me again. May I present,
南部群岛的汉斯王子  Prince Hans of the Southern Isles.
女王陛下  Your Majesty.
我们希望得到您的祝福  We would like...your blessing...
祝福我们结婚  of... our marriage!
-结婚  -是的  -Marriage...? -Yes!
抱歉  我没弄明白  I'm sorry, I'm confused.
我们还没有讨论细节  Well, We haven't worked out all the details ourselves.
我们会花几天时间计划婚礼  We'll need a few days to plan the ceremony.
当然婚礼上会有汤羹  Of course we'll have soup,
烤肉  冰淇凌  还有...  roast, and ice cream and then...
等等  我们要住在这里吗  Wait. Would we live here?
-这里  -当然了  -Here? -Absolutely!
安娜  Anna...
我们可以邀请你12个哥哥过来一起住  Oh, we can invite all twelve of your brothers to stay with us...
什么  等等  不  不  What? No, no, no, no, no.
我们有的是房间  也许他们...  Of course we have the room. I don't know. Some of them must...
等等  停一停  Wait. Slow down.
谁的哥哥都不会住在这里  No one's brothers are staying here.
谁都不会结婚  No one is getting married.
你说什么  Wait, what?
能私下跟你聊几句吗  May I talk to you, please. Alone.
不  你要说什么  No. Whatever you have to say, you...
可以当着我俩的面说  you can say to both of us.
好吧  你不能嫁给一个刚认识的人  Fine. You can't marry a man you just met.
当然可以  我们是真爱  You Can if it's true love.
你对真爱了解多少  Anna, what do you know about true love?
起码比你了解  你只知道把人拒之门外  More than you. All you know is how to shut people out.
你们想得到我的祝福  我回答是不  You asked for my blessing, but my answer is no.
恕我失陪  Now, excuse me.
女王陛下  容我...  Your Majesty, if I may ease your...
不用说了  请你离开  No, you may not. And I-I think you should go.
宴会结束了  关上大门  The party is over. Close the gates.
遵命  女王陛下  Yes, Your Majesty.
什么  艾尔莎  不要  等等  What? Elsa, no. No, wait!
把手套还给我  Give me my glove!
艾尔莎  求求你  我无法再这样生活了  Elsa, please. Please. I can't live like this anymore.
那就离开  Then leave.
我到底怎么惹到你了  What did I ever do to you?!
够了  安娜  Enough, Anna.
为什么  你为什么把我拒之门外  No. Why? Why do you shut me out?!
为什么把全世界拒之门外  Why do you shut the world out?!
你到底害怕什么  What are you so afraid of?!
我说了  够了  I said, enough!
妖术  我就知道  Sorcery. I knew there was
这里有不可告人的秘密  something dubious going on here.
艾尔莎  Elsa...?
她在那里  There she is.
女王陛下  女王万岁  Your Majesty! Long live the Queen! Queen Elsa...
与我们喝一杯吧  Come drink with us.
艾尔莎女王  Queen Elsa.
女王陛下  你没事吧  Your Majesty? Are you all right?
她在那里  拦住她  There she is! Stop her!
拜托  别靠近我  Please, just stay away from me.
离我远点  Stay away!
怪物  怪物  Monster... Monster!
艾尔莎  Elsa!
艾尔莎  Elsa...
等等  求你  Wait, Please!
艾尔莎  停下  Elsa, Stop!
-安娜  -不要走  -Anna! -No.
海湾  The Fjord.
雪  Snow?
是雪  Yes, snow!
-你还好吗  -不好  -Are you all right? -No.
-你之前知道吗  -不知道  -Did you know? -No.
看  下雪了  下雪了  Look! It's snowing! It's snowing!
这个地方被女王诅咒了  The Queen has cursed this land!
我们一定要阻止她  She must be stopped!
-你们得把她抓回来  -等等  不要  -You have to go after her...-Wait, no!
你  你也会妖术吗  You! Is there sorcery in you, too?
你也是怪物吗  Are you a monster, too?
不  不  我是很普通的人  No. No. I'm completely ordinary.
没错  她很普通  That's right she is.
我是说正常  In the best way.
我姐姐不是怪物  And my sister's not a monster.
她差点杀死我  She nearly killed me.
-你自己滑倒在冰上的  -她变出的冰  -You slipped on ice... -Her ice!
那是意外  她吓坏了  It was an accident. She was scared.
她不是故意的  她不是有意做这些的  She didn't mean it. She didn't mean any of this...
今晚的事是我的责任  是我逼的她  Tonight was my fault. I pushed her.
-所以该由我去把她找回来  -什么  -So I'm the one that needs to go after her. -What?
-没错  -把我的马牵过来  -Yeah. -Bring me my horse, please.
安娜  这太危险了  Anna, no. It's too dangerous.
艾尔莎不危险  Elsa's not dangerous.
我会把她找回来  让这里恢复正常  I'll bring her back, And I'll make this right.
-我跟你一起去  -不要  -I'm coming with you...-No.
我需要你留下帮我照看阿伦黛尔  I need you here to take care of Arendelle.
愿尽绵薄之力  On my honor.
我委托汉斯王子管理这里  I leave Prince Hans in charge!
你确定能信任她吗  Are you sure you can trust her?
我不希望你受到伤害  I don't want you getting hurt.
她是我姐姐  She's my sister,
她绝不会伤害我的  She would never hurt me.
皑皑白雪覆盖今夜的山  The snow glows white on the mountain tonight
埋藏身后我的足迹  Not a footprint to be seen
在这孤独白色国度  A kingdom of isolation
我就是那冰雪的女王  And it looks like I'm the Queen
狂风呼号  内心亦涌动不能平息  The wind is howling like this swirling storm inside
不管多努力  再无法藏匿  Couldn't keep it in, Heaven knows I tried
掩藏好自己  不许人靠近  Don't let them in, Don't let them see
乖乖听话  别让大家担心  Be the good girl you always have to be
把真心封闭  不让人看清  Conceal, Don't feel, Don't let them know
如今被看清  Well, Now they know
不再躲  不再怕  Let it go. Let it go
秘密已经大白于天下  Can't hold it back anymore
不管他  不害怕  Let it go. Let it go
告别过去不留一丝牵挂  Turn away and slam the door
别人的话  何必在乎它  I don't care what they're going to say
就让狂风怒号  Let the storm rage on
冰封千里我也从不害怕  The cold never bothered me anyway
现在回首遥望从前  往事变得微不足道  It's funny how some distance makes everything seem small
曾经桎梏我的恐惧  And the fears that once controlled me
也都远的看不到  Can't get to me at all
展现自己  拿出本领  It's time to see what I can do
冲破极限  让自己也吃惊  To test the limits and break through
没有羁绊  扔掉规矩  No right, No wrong, No rules for me
世界由我  I'm free!
放宽心  向前进  Let it go! Let it go!
乘着风  融化在天际  I am one with the wind and sky
向前冲  不后悔  Let it go! Let it go!
我再没有眼泪  You'll never see me cry
站在这里  Here I stand and
坚定不移  Here I'll stay
任那狂风怒号  Let the storm rage on
雪花漫天飘下  这是我的魔法  My power flurries through the air into the ground
冰片旋转纷飞  是我的灵魂在升华  My soul is spiraling in frozen fractals all around
思绪结晶成冰凌  是冰雪的爆炸  And one thought crystallizes like an icy blast
过去已是过去  I'm never going back
是再也回不去  The past is in the past
不沉溺  不在意  Let it go! Let it go!
如晨曦一般冉冉升起  And I'll rise like the break of dawn
算了吧  忘了吧  Let it go! Let it go!
别指望我回到过去  That perfect girl is gone
站在这里  不再藏匿  Here I stand in the light of day
任那狂风怒号  Let the storm rage on!
冰封千里我也从不害怕  The cold never bothered me anyway
艾尔莎  艾尔莎  Elsa! Elsa!
艾尔莎  是我安娜  Elsa, It's me, Anna...
老妹我不是故意让你冰封夏天的  Your sister who didn't mean to make you freeze the summer.
对不起  都是我的错  I'm sorry. It's all my f-f-fault.
当然  如果她对我坦诚点  Of course, none of this would have happened
也不会发生这样的事儿  if she'd just told me her secret... ha...
她这个家伙  She's a stinker.
不不不不  回来  不要跑  Oh no. No. No. No. Come back. No.
好吧  Oooo-Kay.
雪  干嘛一定是雪  Snow, it had to be snow,
她就不能拥有热带魔法  She couldn't have had tr-tr-tropical magic
变出细细白沙和暖暖的...  that covered the f-f-fjords in white sand and warm...
火  Fire!
旅人欧肯的交易站  Wandering Oaken's Trading Post.
还有桑拿  And Sauna...
夏季大促销  Big summer blow out.
游泳衣半价  木拖鞋  Half off swimming suits, clogs,
还有自产的防晒霜  怎么样  And a sun balm of my own invention, yah?
真不错  Oh, great.
眼下而言  有靴子卖吗  For now, how about boots,
有冬靴和衣服吗  Winter boots... and dresses?
那些在冬季用品区  That would be in our winter department.
打听一下  有没有别的年轻女子  Oh. Um, I was just wondering, has another young woman,
比如女王之类的路过这里  The Queen perhaps, I don't know, passed through here?
这种暴雪天气只有你这么神经会跑出来  亲  Only one crazy enough to be out in this storm is you, dear.
还有这个家伙  You and this fellow... Hoo hoo.
夏季大促销  Big summer blow out.
-胡萝卜  -什么  -Carrots. -Hah?
在你身后  Behind you.
哦  对不起  Oh, right. Excuse me.
真是七月飘雪啊  A real howler in July, yes?
这是从哪里来的冷空气  Where ever could it be coming from?
北山那边  The North Mountain.
北山  North Mountain.
一共40块  That'll be forty.
40块  不行  10块成交  Forty? No, ten.
不行呦  亲  Oh dear, that's no good. See.
这是冬季库存商品  These are from our winter stock,
现在供应量和需求量极度不平衡  where supply and demand have a big problem.
你跟我说供求的问题  You want to talk about a supply and demand problem?
我以卖冰块为生  I sell ice for a living.
那现在你的生意可够难做的  Ooh, that's a rough business to be in right now.
我是说  真是...  I mean, that is really...
真是不走运  Ahem. That's unfortunate.
40块不能少  但可以赠送你  Still forty. But I will throw in a
一次欧肯独家桑拿浴  visit to Oaken's sauna.
嗨  亲爱的们  Hi, family.
我只有10块  通融一下  Ten's all I got. Help me out.
那胡萝卜卖给你  不能再便宜了  Ten will get you this and no more.
我就问一件事  Okay, just tell me one thing...
北山那边到底发生了什么  What was happening on the North Mountain?
看起来像魔法吗  Did it seem magical?
是的  麻烦让开  Yes! Now, back up
让我收拾这个奸商  while I deal with this crook here.
你叫我什么  What did you call me?
好吧  好吧  疼  Okay. Okay, I'm-Ow! Whoa!
回见了您勒  Bye bye.
斯温  我没买到你的胡萝卜  No Sven, I didn't get your carrots.
但我找到了过夜的地方  But I did find us a place to sleep.
还是免费的  And it's free.
很抱歉刚才的暴力行为  I'm sorry about this violence.
我另送你一瓶腌鳕鱼  I will add a quart of lutefisk,
弥补刚才的不愉快  so we'll have good feelings.
只要外套和靴子吗  Just the outfit and boots, yah?
驯鹿比人类善良  Reindeers are better than people
斯温  你说是不是  Sven, don't you think that's true
没错  人类会揍你  骂你  骗你  Yeah, people will beat you and curse you and cheat you
除了你  其他人很坏  Every one of em's bad, except you
谢谢你  老兄  Oh, Thanks, buddy.
但人类比驯鹿更好闻  But people smell better than reindeers
斯温  你说对不对  Sven, don't you think I'm right
说得没错  但你可不香  That's once again true, for all Except you
被你说中了  让我们休息吧  You got me, let's call it a night
晚安  Good night
小心不要被冻坏  Don't let the frostbite bite
不错的二重唱  Nice duet.
是你啊  Oh, it's just you.
你想怎么样  What do you want?
我想让你带我去北山  I want you to take me up the North Mountain.
我不做向导的  I don't take people places.
我重说一遍吧  Let me rephrase that...
带我去北山  Take me up the North Mountain...
拜托你  Please.
我知道如何停止寒冬  Look, I know how to stop this winter.
我们明早出发  We leave at dawn...
而且你忘了斯温的胡萝卜  And you forgot the carrots for Sven.
抱歉  抱歉  我不是故意的  Oops. Sorry. Sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't...
我们现在就走  马上走  We leave now. Right now.
抓牢  我们要加速了  Hang on! We like to go fast!
我喜欢加速  I like fast!
喂喂  放下你的脚  刚刷的漆  Whoa, whoa! Get your feet down. This is fresh lacquer.
说真的  你是乡下长大的吗  Seriously, were you raised in a barn?
不  我在城堡里长大的  Ew. No, I was raised in a castle.
跟我说说  女王发了什么疯要冰封一切  So tell me, what made the Queen go all ice-crazy?
这个嘛  都是我的错  Oh well, it was all my fault.
我订了婚  她很不高兴  I got engaged but then she freaked out because...
因为那个人是我那天刚认识的  I'd only just met him, you know, that day.
她说  她不会祝福我们的婚姻  And she said she wouldn't bless the marriage...
等等  你跟一个刚认识的人订婚  Wait. You got engaged to someone you just met?
是  反正我生气了  她也生气了  Yeah. Anyway, I got mad and so she got mad.
她打算离开  And then she tried to walk away,
我一把抓下了她的手套  and I grabbed her glove...
等等  你是认真的吗  Hang on. You mean to tell me.
你跟一个刚认识的人订了婚  You got engaged to someone you just met?!
是的  专心听  但事实上  Yes. Pay attention. But the thing is...
她一直带着手套  she wore the gloves all the time,
我一直以为她只是有洁癖  So I just thought, maybe she has a thing about dirt.
你父母没告诉过你小心陌生人吗  Didn't your parents ever warn you about strangers?
他们说过  Yes, they did...
但汉斯不是陌生人  But Hans is not a stranger.
是吗  他姓什么  Oh yeah? What's his last name?
姓南部群岛吧  ...Of-the-Southern-Isles?
-他最喜欢吃是什么  -三明治  -What's his favorite food? -Sandwiches.
-最好的朋友是谁  -可能叫约翰吧  -Best friend's name? -Probably John.
-眼睛的颜色  -梦幻般的颜色  -Eye color... -Dreamy.
-穿多大码的鞋  -鞋码很重要吗  -Foot size? -Foot size doesn't matter.
你跟他一起吃过饭吗  Have you had a meal with him yet?
如果你讨厌他吃饭的样子呢  What if you hate the way he eats?
如果你讨厌他挖鼻屎呢  What if you hate the way he picks his nose?
挖鼻屎  Picks his nose?
然后吃掉  And eats it.
拜托  阁下  他是王子  Excuse me, sir. He's a Prince.
所有男人都这么干  All men do it.
这都不重要  我们是真爱  Ew. Look it doesn't matter, it's true love.
听起来不像真爱  Doesn't sound like true love.
难道你是传说中的爱情专家吗  Are you some sort of love expert?
不是  但我朋友是  No. But I have friends who are.
你有朋友是爱情专家  You have friends who are love experts?
-我不信  -别说话  -I'm not buying it... -Stop talking.
不  不  我很乐意见见...  No, no, no. I'd like to meet these...
别说话  不是开玩笑  No, I mean it.
嘘  Shhh.
斯温  快跑  快跑  Sven, go. Go!
-那是什么  -狼  -What are they? -Wolves.
狼  Wolves?
-我们该怎么办  -我来对付它们  -What do we do? -I've got this.
你坐好别掉下去  确保自己别被吃掉  You just... don't fall off and don't get eaten.
-但我想帮忙  -不行  -But I wanna help... -No.
为什么不行  Why not?
因为我不相信你的判断力  Because I don't trust your judgment.
你说什么  Excuse me?!
谁会嫁给一个刚认识的陌生人  Who marries a man she just met?
我们是真爱  It's true love!
克里斯托佛  Christopher!
是克里斯托夫  It's Kristoff!
低头  Duck!
-你差点把我点着  -但我没有  -You almost set me on fire! -But I didn't.
准备跳  斯温  Get ready to jump, Sven!
不需要你指挥它  You don't tell him what to do!
我说的算  跳  斯温  I do! Jump, Sven!
我才还清贷款  But I just paid it off.
不  不  不  不  Uh-oh. No, no, no.
抓住  Grab on!
拉  斯温  使劲拉  Pull, Sven! Pull!
我会赔偿你的雪橇和所有损失  I'll replace your sled and everything in it.
如果你不想帮忙了  我完全理解  And I understand if you don't want to help me anymore.
我当然不想再帮她了  Of course I don't want to help her anymore.
这事儿让我再也不想  In fact, this whole thing has ruined me
帮助任何人了  for helping anyone ever again.
-她自己会死掉的  -死就死吧  -But she'll die on her own. -I can live with that.
但如果她死了  就没人赔你雪橇了  But you won't get your new sled if she's dead.
有时候你还真讨厌  You know sometimes I really don't like you.
等等  我们来了  Hold up. We're coming.
真的吗  You are?!
我是说  我可以让你跟着  I mean, sure. I'll let you tag along.
-阿伦黛尔  -完全被冰雪覆盖了  -Arendelle... -It's completely frozen.
没有关系  艾尔莎会解冻一切的  But it'll be fine. Elsa will thaw it.
-她会吗  -当然  -Will she? -Yeah.
我们走吧  北山是往这边走吗  Now come on. This way to the North Mountain?
准确的说是往那边走  More like this way.
我从不知道冬天能如此美丽  I never knew winter could be so beautiful.
是的  真的很美  是不是  Yeah... It really is beautiful, isn't it?
但太洁白了  But it's so white.
弄点颜色如何  You know, how about a little color?
我觉得深红色  黄绿色不错  I'm thinking like maybe some crimson, chartreuse...
黄色如何  不行  不要黄色  How 'bout yellow...no, not yellow.
黄色  白雪  太不搭了  Yellow and snow? Brrrr... no go.
我说的对吗  Am I right?
-你好  -你有点恐怖  -Hi! -You're creepy.
-我才不要  -别扔给我  -I don't want it! -Backatchya!
请别把我掉到地上  拜托  只是个脑袋  Please don't drop me. Come on, it's just a head.
不要给我  No!
看来这个初次见面不算美好  All right, we got off to a bad start.
他的身子  Ew, ew, the body!
等等  我眼前这些是什么  Wait, what am I looking at right now?
为什么你们跟蝙蝠一样倒挂着  Why are you hanging off the earth like a bat?
好吧  等一下  ...Al'right. Wait one second.
-谢谢你  -不客气  -Oooh! Thank you! -You're welcome.
现在我帅呆了  Now I'm perfect.
差不多了  Well, almost.
好像整个世界都颠倒了  It was like my whole life got upside down.
太用力了  抱歉  我只是...  Oh! Too hard. I'm sorry! I was just...
-头晕  -你没事儿吧  -Woo! Head Rush! -Are you okay?
开什么玩笑  我感觉好极了  Are you kidding me? I am wonderful!
我一直想要个鼻子  I've always wanted a nose.
太可爱了  就像小小的独角兽  So cute. It's like a little baby unicorn.
怎么啦  What? Hey! Whoa.
这样更棒了  Oh, I love it even more! Hah...
让我们重新认识一下  All right, let's start this thing over.
各位好  我叫奥洛夫  来个热情的拥抱吧  Hi everyone. I'm Olaf. And I like warm hugs.
奥洛夫  Olaf?
是的  奥洛夫  That's right, Olaf.
小姐芳名啊  And you are?
我叫安娜  Oh, um... I'm Anna.
这头滑稽的蠢驴是谁  And who's the funky-looking donkey over there?
它叫斯温  That's Sven.
那这只驯鹿呢  Uh-huh. And who's the reindeer?
斯温  Sven.
同名啊  真好记  They're...oh, okay...Makes things easier for me.
瞧瞧它  想亲我的鼻子  Ha. Aw, look at him tryin' to kiss my nose.
我也喜欢你  I like you, too!
奥洛夫  你是艾尔莎造出来的吗  Olaf, did Elsa build you?
是的  怎么了  Yeah. Why?
-你知道她在哪吗  -知道  怎么了  -You know where she is? -Yeah. Why?
你能给我们引路吗  Do you think you could show us the way?
-可以  怎么了  -这是怎么弄的  -Yeah. Why? -How does this work?
别闹了  斯温  谈正事呢  Stop it, Sven. Trying to focus here.
-是的  怎么了  -我告诉怎么了  -Yeah, Why? -I'll tell you Why.
我们需要艾尔莎唤回夏天  We need Elsa to bring back Summer.
夏天啊  Summer?
我也不知道为什么  Oh, I don't know why but.
但是我一直都很向往夏天  I've always loved the idea of summer,
还有太阳和所有一切炙热的东西  and sun, and all things hot.
真的吗  Really?
我猜你是没怎么接触过高温吧  I'm guessing you don't have much experience with heat.
没有  Nope!
但是有时候我喜欢闭上眼睛  But sometimes I like to close my eyes
想象夏天真实来临时的景象  and imagine what it'd be like when summer does come.
蜜蜂在蜂鸣  孩童吹起蒲公英的绒毛  Bees'll buzz, kids'll blow dandelion fuzz
而我就像个雪人一样享受夏天  And I'll be doing whatever snow does in summer
手里抓着杯饮料  躺在灼人的沙滩上  A drink in my hand, my snow up against the burning sand
也许还能晒个美丽的小麦色  Prob'ly getting gorgeously tanned in summer
我终于可以见证夏日的微风  I'll finally see a summer breeze
吹走冬日的暴风  Blow away a winter storm
我还要看看天气变暖后  And find out what happens to
冰冻成块的水会如何变化  Solid water, when it gets warm
我等不及想知道  我的小伙伴们都会怎么看我  And I can't wait to see, what my buddies all think of me
想象一下我要是在夏天得有多酷呀  Just imagine how much cooler I'll be in summer
寒冷和炎热都是如此的猛烈  The hot and the cold are both so intense
两者结合  将会多么轰烈  Put 'em together, it just makes sense
冬天适合待在室内相互依偎  Winter's a good time to stay in and cuddle
但是到了夏天  我将会成为一个  But put me in summer and I'll be a
幸福的雪人  Happy snowman
在生活艰辛之时  我喜欢坚持我的梦想  When life gets rough I like to hold on to my dream
想象自己在夏日里慵懒地散发热气  Of relaxing in the summer sun just letting off steam
天空将会如此湛蓝  Oh the sky will be blue
你们俩也会陪伴在我身边  And you guys'll be there too
而我终将成为一个活在夏天的雪人  When I finally do what frozen things do in summer
-我要告诉他实情  -你敢  -I'm gonna tell him. -Don't you dare.
在炎夏  In summer
走吧  要找艾尔莎请跟我来  So, Come on! Elsa's this way.
咱们去把夏天捎回来吧  Let's go bring back summer!
我来了  I'm coming!
总得有人告诉他实情啊  Somebody's got to tell him.
不  不  你把有树皮的那面朝下了  No. No. You've got the bark facing down.
树皮那面要朝上放  The bark needs to be face-up.
树皮朝下放更干燥  Bark down is drier.
-树皮朝上  -树皮朝下  -Bark up... -Bark down.
斗篷  有人要斗篷吗  Cloak. Does anyone need a cloak?
阿伦黛尔的人民感谢您  殿下  Arendelle is indebted to you, Your Highness.
城堡现在开放了  大厅里有  The castle is open. There's soup
热汤和格拉格热饮fs14}[瑞典]fs}  and hot glogg in the Great Hall.
给  把这些发下去  Here. Pass these out.
汉斯王子  我们是不是  Prince Hans, are we just
就得这么坐在一旁  expected to sit here and freeze
瑟瑟发抖地看着你把阿伦黛尔的货物免费发放完啊  while you give away all of Arendelle's tradable goods?
安娜公主已经下令  Princess Anna has given her orders and...
那是另一回事  And that's another thing,
你有没有想过  你的公主  has it dawned on you that your Princess
可能正和邪恶的女巫密谋  may be conspiring with a wicked sorceress...
把全国人民都毁掉呢  to destroy us all?
不许质疑公主  她既然让我掌权  Do not question the Princess. She left me in charge,
那我将毫不迟疑地  and I will not hesitate to
保护阿伦黛尔不受叛乱之苦  protect Arendelle from treason.
叛乱  Treason?!
伙计  冷静  冷静  Whoa! Whoa! Whoa, boy. Easy. Easy.
这是安娜公主的马  她出什么事了  她人呢  Princess Anna's horse. What happened to her? Where is she?
安娜公主身陷险境  Princess Anna is in trouble.
我需要志愿者跟我一起找她  I need volunteers to go with me to find her!
我的侍从跟随您  殿下  I volunteer two men, my Lord!
做好万全准备  Be prepared for anything,
万一你们遇见皇后  and should you encounter the Queen,
你们有权结束这个冬天  you are to put an end to this winter.
明白吗  Do you understand?
你到底准备怎么结束这个鬼天气呢  So how exactly are you planning to stop this weather?
我准备跟我姐姐谈谈  Oh, I am gonna talk to my sister.
这就是你的计划吗  我的冰块生意  That's your plan? My ice business is
就指着你跟你姐姐谈谈吗  riding on you talking to your sister.
没错  Yup.
这么说你是一点都不怕她咯  So you're not at all afraid of her?
-我为什么要怕她呀  -就是说  -Why would I be? -Yeah.
我敢打赌艾尔莎一定是有史以来  I bet Elsa's the nicest, gentlest,
最善良最温柔最温暖的人了  warmest person ever.
看啊  Oh, look at that.
我被钉住了  I've been impaled.
现在怎么办  What now?
这悬崖太陡了  我只有一条绳子  It's too steep. I've only got one rope,
而你又不会爬山  and you don't know how to climb mountains.
谁说我不会  Says who?
你在干吗  What are you doing?
我要去见我姐姐  I'm going to see my sister.
你这是自杀的节奏呀  是我就不会踩那里  You're going to kill yourself. I wouldn't put my foot there.
-你别让我分心  -踩那也不行  -You're distracting me... -Or there.
你怎么知道艾尔莎会肯见你呢  How do you know Elsa even wants to see you?
我要屏蔽你  I'm just blocking you out 'cause
因为我得专心爬山  I gotta concentrate here.
你要知道大多数躲到深山里的人  You know, most people who disappear
都是希望自己一个人待着的  into the mountains want to be alone.
没人想要自己一个人待着  也许只有你  Nobody wants to be alone. Except maybe you.
我可不是独自一人  我有朋友的  记得吗  I'm not alone... I have friends, remember?
你是说那些爱情专家们  You mean the love experts?
没错  爱情专家们  Yes, the love experts!
我差不多爬到山顶了吧  Please tell me I'm almost there.
这里的空气是不是更稀薄了  Does the air seem a bit thin to you up here?
-坚持住  斯温  -Hang on. -Hey, Sven?
我不知道我这算不算是解决了一大难题  但是  Not sure if this is going to solve the problem, but I found
我找到了一个台阶  正好通往你们的目的地  a staircase that leads exactly where you want it to go.
谢天谢地  接住我  Ha ha. Thank goodness. Catch!
谢谢了  我还怕你不接呢  Thanks! That was like a crazy trust exercise.
这么多的冰  我快感动哭了  Now that's ice. I might cry.
哭吧  我不笑你  Go ahead. I won't judge.
好吧  慢慢来伙计  来  我扶着你  All right, take it easy boy. Come here, I gotcha.
好吧  你就在这等着  兄弟  Okay. You stay right here, buddy.
完美无瑕  Flawless.
敲门  敲门呀  Knock... just knock...
她怎么还不敲门  Why isn't she knocking?
你说她是不是不会敲门啊  Do you think she knows how to knock?
门开了  这可是史无前例  It opened. That's a first.
你最好还是在外面等一下吧  You should probably wait out here.
什么  What?
我上次向她引荐男人  她把一切都冻住了  Last time I introduced her to a guy, she froze everything.
可是  可是  拜托  这可是冰城啊  But. But... oh come on, It's a palace made of ice.
-冰就是我的生命啊  -拜拜  斯温  -Ice is my life. -Bye, Sven.
你也在外面等  奥洛夫  You too, Olaf.
-我也要吗  -让我们俩单独谈谈  -Me? -Just give us a minute.
好吧  Okay.
一  二  三  四  One... two... three... four...
艾尔莎  是我  安娜  Elsa? It's me... Anna.
安娜  Anna?
艾尔莎  你的样子变了  Wow... Elsa, you look different...
变漂亮了  还有这个宫殿  It's a good different... and this place.
-真是美极了  -谢谢  -Is amazing. -Thank you.
我以前一直不知道自己的能力  I never knew what I was capable of.
对于之前发生的一切我很抱歉  要是我早知道...  I'm so sorry about what happened. If I'd known...
不  没事的  No, it's okay.
你不需要道歉  You don't have to apologize.
但是也许你该走了  拜托  But you should probably go, please.
但是我才刚到呀  But I just got here.
阿伦黛尔才是你的归属  You belong in Arendelle.
-也是你的归属  -不  安娜  这里才是  -So do you. -No, Anna. I belong here.
我一个人的  Alone.
我在这里才能做真正的自己  Where I can be who I am,
不会伤害到任何人  without hurting anybody.
-实际上  关于这个问题  -58  59  60  -Actually, about that... -58... 59... 60.
等一下  那是什么声音  Wait. What is that?
我叫奥洛夫  我喜欢热情的拥抱  Hi, I'm Olaf and I like warm hugs.
奥洛夫  Olaf?
你堆出来的雪人  你还记得吗  You built me. You remember that?
你居然活了  And you're alive?
我猜是吧  Um... I think so?
跟小时候堆的那个一模一样  He's just like the one we built as kids.
咱们那时候多亲啊  So we were so close.
我们可以再回到那个时候  We can be like that again.
慢点  Slow down.
安娜  Anna!
不  我们回不去了  No, We can't.
-再见  安娜  -艾尔莎  等等  -Goodbye, Anna. -Elsa, wait.
别过来  我是在保护你  No, I'm just trying to protect you.
你用不着保护我  我不害怕  You don't have to protect me. I'm not afraid.
求你别再把我拒之门外了  Please don't shut me out again.
求求你别再关上心门  Please don't slam the door.
你不需要再跟我保持距离  You don't have to keep your distance anymore
因为这么久以来  'Cause for the first time in forever
我终于理解了你  I finally understand
好久以来第一次  我们可以携手解决问题  For the first time in forever, we can fix this hand in hand
我们可以一同走下这座冰山  We can head down this mountain together
你无需再生活在恐惧中  You don't have to live in fear
好久以来我终于可以说  'Cause for the first time in forever
我会待在你身边  I will be right here
安娜  求你回家去吧  Anna, please go back home
美好的生活等着你  Your life awaits.
去享受阳光  敞开大门  Go enjoy the sun and open up the gates
-可是  -我知道  你是一片好意  -Yeah, but... -I know! You mean well
但我心意已决  But leave me be.
是  我是独自一人  但我可以享受自由  Yes, I'm alone. But I'm alone and free.
和我保持距离  你便不会受到伤害  Just stay away and you'll be safe from me
-实际上  这是不可能的  -什么意思  -Actually, we're not -What do you mean you're not
看来你还不知道  I get the feeling you don't know
我不知道什么  What do I not know
阿伦黛尔被很厚很厚很厚的积雪覆盖  Arendelle's in deep deep deep deep snow
什么  What?
你把所有地方都变成了冬天  You kind of set off an eternal winter... everywhere.
所有地方  Everywhere?
没事的  你解冻一下就好了  It's okay, you can just unfreeze it.
不行  No, I can't.
-我不知道怎么解冻  -你肯定会的  -I don't know how. -Sure you can.
我知道你会  I know you can!
因为好久以来  'Cause for the first time in forever
我真是个傻瓜  我无法拥有自由  I'm such a fool! I can't be free
你无需再恐惧  You don't have to be afraid
永远无法逃离我内心的暴风雪  No escape from the storm inside of me
我们可以一同解决  We can work this out together
我无法掌控我身上的诅咒  I can't control the curse
我们能逆转严冬  We'll reverse the storm you've made
安娜  拜托  你只会越弄越糟  Anna, please, You'll only make it worse
别惊慌  Don't panic
我内心充满了恐惧  There's so much fear
我们会让阳光再度普照  We'll make the sun shine bright
你在这不安全  You're not safe here
我们可以共同面对  We can face this thing together
我做不到  I can't
安娜  你没事吧  Anna. Are you okay?
-我没事  我挺好的  -这是谁  -I'm okay. I'm fine. -Who's this?
等一下  这都不重要了  你们走吧  Wait, it doesn't matter. Just... you have to go.
不  我知道我们能找到办法  No, I know we can figure this out together.
什么办法  你有什么能力来结束这寒冬  How? What power do you have to stop this winter?
来阻止我  To stop me?
安娜  我们该走了  Anna, I think we should go.
不  你不走我也不走  艾尔莎  No. I'm not leaving without you, Elsa.
你必须走  Yes, you are.
住手  放我们下来  Stop. Put us down!
走开  Go away!
小心  Heads up!
小心我的屁股  Watch out for my butt!
把人抛来抛去的很不礼貌耶  It is not nice to throw people!
小辣椒  别生气了  Wow, wow, wow feisty pants. Ok, relax.
冷静点  冷静点  Just calm down. Calm down.
好吧  我没事了  All Right. I'm Okay.
别理那个雪人就是了  Just let the snow man be.
-我很冷静  -很好  -I'm calm. -Great.
拜托  Come on!
你看  这下好了  你把它惹急了  See. Now you made him mad!
我去引开他  I'll distract him.
你们俩赶紧跑  You guys go.
不  不  我不是说你们  No, no, not you guys.
这下麻烦了  This just got a whole lot harder.
你在干嘛  What are you doing?
我打到他了  I got him!
这得有三十多米吧  It's a hundred foot drop.
是六十多米  It's two hundred.
-你这是要干吗  -我在挖雪锚  -What's that for? -I'm digging a snow anchor.
好吧  要是我们摔下去怎么办  Okay. What if we fall?
下面的积雪有大概六米  There's twenty feet of fresh powder down there.
摔下去也会感觉像是掉在了枕头上  It'll be like landing on a pillow...
至少我希望如此  hopefully.
好了  安娜  数到三  Okay, Anna. On three.
-一  -好吧  要跳的时候告诉我  -One... -Okay. You tell me when...
-二  -我准备好了  我时刻准备着  没错  -Two... -I'm ready to go... I was born ready! Yes!
冷静点  Calm down.
树  Tree!
搞什么...  好吧  这事也常有  What the... Whoa! That happened.
天啊  我身材还真是超级走样啊  Ah. Ah. Man, am I out of shape.
好了  安娜  斯温  There we go. Hey, Anna! Sven!
你们俩跑哪去了  我们把那个大个子甩得远远的了  Where'd ya guys go? We totally lost marshmallow back there!
我们正说到你呢  Hey. We were just talking about you.
都是好话  都是好话  All good things, all good things.
不  No!
这样也没什么分别  对吧  This is not making much of a difference! Is it?
奥洛夫  Olaf!
-坚持住  伙计们  -爬快点  -Hang in there, guys! -Go faster!
等一下  搞什么  Wait, what?
克里斯托夫  Kristoff!
别再回来了  Don't come back!
我们不会再来了  We won't.
你说的没错耶  真的像掉在枕头上一样  Hey, you were right. Just like a pillow.
奥洛夫  Olaf!
我的腿没有知觉了  I can't feel my legs!
那是我的腿  Those are my legs.
帮个忙  抓住我的屁股  Hey, do me a favor, grab my butt.
感觉好多了  Oh, that feels better.
斯温  他找到咱们了  Hey, Sven! He found us.
这只可爱的小驯鹿  Who's my cute little reindeer?
不许这么跟他讲话  Don't talk to him like that.
来  Here.
-你没事吧  -谢谢  -You okay? -Thank you.
你的头没事吧  Um... how's your head?
没事  我挺好的  I mean, It's fine. Ah... I'm good.
我脑壳比较厚  Ha. I've got a thick skull.
我就没有脑壳  也没有骨头  I don't have a skull... or bones.
那么  So...
-现在怎么办  -现在怎么办  -So now what? -Now what?
现在怎么办  Now what?!
我该怎么办呢  Oooh! What am I gonna do?
她把我赶出来了  我不能任由天气这个样子  She threw me out. I can't go back to
就逃回阿伦黛尔  Arendelle with the weather like this.
再说还有你的冰块生意...  And then there's your ice business...
别担心我的冰块生意  Hey, hey, don't worry about my ice business.
-还是担心一下你的头发吧  -什么  -Worry about your hair. -What?
我刚从悬崖上掉下来  你的头发也很乱好吗  Just fell off a cliff. You should see your hair.
不是  你的头发变白了  No, yours is turning white.
变白了  怎么会  搞什么  White? It's... what?
是因为她打到你了  对吧  It's because she struck you, isn't it?
看上去很糟吗  Does it look bad?
-没有  -你犹豫了  -No. -You hesitated.
不  我没有  安娜  我们得找人帮忙  知道吗  走吧  No, I didn't. Anna, you need help. Okay? Come on.
-好吧  我们这是去哪  -去找我的朋友们  -Okay! Where are we going? -To see my friends.
-那些爱情专家吗  -爱情专家  -The love experts? -Love experts?!
别担心  他们会治好你的  And don't worry, they'll be able to fix this.
你怎么知道  How do you know?
因为我曾经看过他们治好你  Because I've seen them do it before.
我觉得我自己也是个爱情专家  I like to consider myself a love expert.
别慌  控制住  Get it together. Control it.
别去感受  别去感受  Don't feel. Don't feel.
别去感受  Don't feel!
看呀  斯温  夜空还亮着  Look, Sven. The sky's awake.
-你冷吗  -有点  -Are you cold? -A little.
等一下  过来  Wait. Come here.
关于我的朋友们  So, about my friends...
我说他们是朋友  其实他们更像是我的家人  Well, I say friends, they're more like family.
总之  在我小的时候  只有我和斯温相依为命  Anyway, when I was a kid, it was just me and Sven
直到他们收留了我们  until you know, they took us in.
-真的吗  -是啊  -They did? -Yeah.
我不想吓唬你  但是他们  I don't want to scare you, they can be
有时候不太会说话  a little bit inappropriate.
而且嗓门很大  非常大  And loud... very loud...
他们有时还会很固执  还有点  They're also stubborn at times, and a little
专横  并且很沉  非常非常沉  所以你...  overbearing. And heavy. Really, really heavy. Which you...
但是你别担心  他们也还好  他们本意不坏  But you know, you're okay. They're fine. They mean well.
克里斯托夫  他们听起来很棒  Kristoff, they sound wonderful.
那好吧  Okay then.
这就是我的家人  Meet my family.
伙计们  Hey, guys!
他们都是石头  They're rocks.
他是个疯子  He's crazy.
我差点认不出你来了  怎么重了这么多  Hey, Wow... I pretty recognize you, What's so much weigh?
我来引开他们的注意力  你赶紧逃  I'll distract them while you run.
斯温的家人们  见到你们很高兴  Hi, Sven's family! It's nice to meet you!
安娜  因为我很爱你  所以你赶紧逃  Anna, because I love you, I insist you run.
我听说你们是爱情专家  I understand you're love experts!
你怎么还不逃  Why aren't you running?
好吧  我要去...  Okay. Um... I'm gonna go...
不  不  不  安娜  等一下  No, no, no. Anna, wait!
克里斯托夫  Kristoff!
克里斯托夫回来了  Kristoff's home!
克里斯托夫  克里斯托夫回来了  你走了好久啊  Kristoff! Kristoff's home! It's been too long!
克里斯托夫回来了  Kristoff's home!
等一下  克里斯托夫  Wait? Kristoff?
让我好好看看你  Yeah... Oh, let me look at you!
把衣服脱下来  克里斯托夫  我来给你洗洗  Oh, take off your clothes, Kristoff, I wash them.
不  我还是穿着衣服吧  Ah! No. I'm gonna keep my clothes on. Look.
见到你们很高兴  it's great to see you all.
-但是老帕比呢  -他在午睡  -But where's Grand Pabbie? -He's napping.
可是你看  我长出蘑菇来了  But look, I grew a mushroom.
我赢得了一块火晶  And I earned my fire crystal.
我取了一块肾结石  I passed a kidney stone.
克里斯托夫  抱我起来  Kristoff, pick me up.
你长大了  不错啊  You're getting big! Good for you.
地精  它们是地精啊  Trolls? They're trolls.
他还带回来个姑娘  He's brought a girl!
她就像个小蛋糕  She's like a little cupcake.
什么情况  What's going on?
我早就习惯它们了  I've learned to just roll with it.
我看看  Let me see.
眼睛明亮  鼻子好使  牙齿坚固  Bright eyes. Working nose. Strong teeth.
好好好  她跟我们家克里斯托夫很般配  Yes, yes, yes. She'll do nicely for our Kristoff.
等等  不是的  Wait. Oh, no.
你们误会了  You've got the wrong idea.
她不是我女朋友  That's not why I brought her here.
对  我们不是  我不是...  Right. We're not. I'm not...
问题出在哪儿啊  亲爱的  What's the issue, dear?
你为何拒绝他呢  Why are you holding back from such a man?
因为他走路很笨拙  Is it the clumpy way he walks
什么  What?
还是他讲话太粗鲁  Or the grumpy way he talks
不是  No.
还是他的脚丫太奇怪  Or the pear-shaped, square-shaped
四四又方方  大鸭梨一样  weirdness of his feet
行了吧  Hey!
他虽然勤洗澡  And though we know he washes well
可还是有味道  he always ends up sorta smelly
但他细心又可爱  世间绝无双  But you'll never meet a fella who's as sensitive and sweet
很好啊  但是...  That's nice, but...
他也许不完美  So he's a bit of a fixer upper
也有些缺点  So he's got a few flaws
他思维很奇葩  His peculiar brain, dear
又为驯鹿痴狂  His thing for the reindeer
这有些不合常理  That outside a few of nature's laws
我才不是这样的  This is not about me!
他还需要改良  So he's a bit of a fixer upper
但是我们坚信  But this we're certain of
你只要给他一点爱  You can fix this fixer upper up
就会让他发光  with a little bit of love
我们能不能先别说这个了  Can we just stop talking about this?!
我们真遇上了麻烦  We've got a real, actual problem here.
亲爱的告诉我  I'll say...so tell me dear.
是因为他容易胆怯  Is it the way that he runs scared
还是他不善社交  Or that he's socially impaired
还是他只爱伐木  在森林中央  Or that he only likes to tinkle in the woods
我不需要知道这个  I do not need to know that.
因为金发太娘炮  Are you holding back your fondness
所以你不喜欢他  Due to his unmanly blondeness
还是他假装不靠谱  Or the way he covers up
把自己隐藏  that he's the honest goods
他只是不完美  He's just a bit of a fixer upper
他有些小瑕疵  He's got a couple a' bugs
我才没有  No, I don't.
别看他不善交往  His isolation is confirmation of
正说明他渴望拥抱  his desperation for healing hugs
他有些不完美  So he's a bit of a fixer upper
但我们有办法  But we know what to do
我们的办法就是让  The way to fix up this fixer upper
你来雕琢他  is to fix him up with you
停停停  你们够了  Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. Enough!
她都和别人订婚了好吗  She's engaged to someone else. Okay?!
所以问题出在她  So she's a bit of a fixer upper
这更不重要  That's a minor thing
口头订婚能取消  This quote engagement is a flex arrangement
也没戒指在她手上  And by the way, I don't see no ring
所以问题出在她  So she's a bit of a fixer upper
她在犹豫彷徨  Her brain's a bit betwixt
别让未婚夫挡道  Get the fiance out of the way
一切就会如常  and the whole thing will be fixed
我们不是说让你改变他  We aren't saying you can change him
因为改变一个人很难  'Cause people don't really change
我们只是想说  爱是一种力量  We're only saying that love's a force
强大而奇妙  That's powerful and strange
因为疯狂担心  焦虑恐慌  People make bad choices
人们才会失误  if they're mad or scared or stressed
但是给他们一点爱  But throw a little love their way
给他们一点爱  throw a little love their way
你就能让他们做到最好  And you'll bring out their best
真爱让人做到最好  True love brings out the best
每个人都不完美  Everyone's a bit of a fixer upper
人生就是这样  That's what it's all about
父亲母亲  姐妹兄弟  Father, sister, brother
我们都相互需要  We need each other
帮我们变好  让我们成长  to raise us up and round us out
每个人都不完美  Everyone's a bit of a fixer upper
但到紧要关头  But when push comes to shove
能让你我变完美的  The only fixer upper fixer that can fix a fixer upper is
就是真真真真爱  True, True, True, True, Love
真爱至上  Love, Love, Love, True Love
至上  True-e-e-e-e-e
安娜  Do you, Anna,
你愿意让克里斯托夫做你肿诚的...  take Kristoff to be your trollfully wedded...
等等  什么  Wait, what?!
你要结婚啦  You're getting married.
安娜  Anna!
她冷得像冰一样  She's as cold as ice.
她被施了奇怪的魔法  There's strange magic here!
老帕比  Grand Pabbie!
来来  让我看看  Come, come. Bring her to me.
安娜  你有生命危险  Anna, your life is in danger.
你的心被你姐姐冰冻了  There is ice in your heart, put there by your sister.
如果不解除魔咒  If not removed,
冰会一点点加厚  最后把你永远冰封  to solid ice will you freeze, forever.
什么  不会吧  What? No.
你能除掉寒冰的  对吧  But you can remove it, right?
抱歉  克里斯托夫  我不能  I can not, I'm sorry Kristoff.
如果是头部还好  If it was her head that would be easy,
但如果心被冰冻  but only an act of true love
只有真爱才能融化  can thaw a frozen heart.
真爱  An act of true love?
也许是真爱之吻  A true love's kiss, perhaps?
安娜  我们得带你回汉斯那儿  Anna, we've got to get you back to Hans.
汉斯  Hans.
我们走  斯温  Pull us out, Sven.
-奥洛夫  快走  -我来了  -Olaf! Come on. -I'm coming!
我们去吻汉斯  汉斯是谁啊  Let's go kiss Hans! Who is this Hans?!
我们是来找安娜公主的  We are here to find Princess Anna.
大家要提高警惕  Be on guard,
但不能伤害女王  but no harm is to come to the Queen.
-明白了吗  -明白  殿下  -Do you understand? -Yes, Sir.
女王  The Queen.
快  快  Go, go!
快点  Get on!
在上面  快  Up there! Come on!
她跑不掉了  We got her.
别  求你们了  No, please.
别过来  Stay away!
射箭  射箭  Fire! Fire!
抓住她  抓住她  Get her! Get her!
艾尔莎女王  Queen Elsa!
别变成可怕的恶魔  Don't be the monster they fear you are.
不  我...我干了什么  No. What... what have I done?
你为什么把我带到这儿  Why did you bring me here?
我不能眼睁睁看着他们杀了你  I couldn't just let them kill you.
但我会危及阿伦黛尔  But I'm a danger to Arendelle.
去找安娜  Get Anna.
安娜还没回来  Anna has not returned.
请你结束冬天  If you would just stop the winter,
带回夏天  拜托了  bring back summer. Please.
你还不明白吗  我做不到  Don't you see? I can't.
你必须让他们放了我  You have to tell them to let me go.
我尽量吧  I will do what I can.
坚持住  伙计  快点  Just hang in there. Come on, buddy, faster!
我们城堡见吧  I'll meet you guys at the castle!
别被人发现  奥洛夫  Stay out of sight, Olaf!
不会的  I will!
是安娜公主  It's Princess Anna!
你没...没事吧  Are you g... gonna be okay?
别担心我  Don't worry about me.
安娜  我们担心死你了  Anna! Oh, you had us worried sick...
殿下  My Lady.
给她取暖  快去找汉斯王子  Get her warm and find Prince Hans, immediately.
我们会的  谢谢你了  We will. Thank you.
一定要保证她安全  Make sure she's safe!
我要回去找安娜公主  I'm going back out to look for Princess Anna.
你不能再冒这个险了  You cannot risk going out there again.
如果她有个三长两短...  If anything happens to her...
如果公主殿下遭遇不测  If anything happens to the Princess,
阿伦黛尔可就指望您了  you are all Arendelle has left.
他在这儿  汉斯王子  He's in here. Prince Hans.
安娜  你身上好冷  Anna. You're so cold.
-汉斯  你必须吻我  -什么  -Hans, you have to kiss me. -What?
现在  Now.
-马上  -冷静点  -Now.  -Settle down.
我们让你俩单独待会儿  We'll give you two some privacy.
发生了什么  What happened out there?
艾尔莎用魔法袭击了我  Elsa struck me with her powers.
你说她不会伤害你的  You said she'd never hurt you.
我想错了  I was wrong.
安娜  Anna?
她冰冻了我的心  She froze my heart
只有真爱才能救我的命  and only an act of true love can save me.
真爱之吻  A true love's kiss.
安娜啊  Oh, Anna...
要是真有人爱你就好了  If only there was someone out there who loved you.
什么  What?
你说你爱我的  You said you did.
作为我们王国的第十三名王子  As thirteenth in line in my own kingdom,
我是没机会掌权的  I didn't stand a chance.
我知道...  I knew...
我必须去和其他王室联姻  I'd have to marry into the throne somewhere.
你在说些什么  What are you talking about?
作为继承人  当然艾尔莎更好  As heir, Elsa was preferable, of course.
但是没人能接近她  But no one was getting anywhere with her.
-而你呢...  -汉斯  -But you... -Hans?
你那么渴望爱  You were so desperate for love.
你很愿意嫁给我  就这样  You were willing to marry me, just like that.
我都想好了  娶了你之后呢  I figured, after we married,
我就让艾尔莎出点小意外  I'd have to stage a little accident for Elsa.
汉斯  别这样  Hans. No, stop.
谁知道她把自己毁了  But then she doomed herself,
你还蠢到家了去找她  and you were dumb enough to go after her.
别这样  Please.
现在只需要杀掉艾尔莎  All that's left now is to kill Elsa
让夏天回来喽  and bring back summer.
你根本比不上艾尔莎  You're no match for Elsa.
不  是你比不上艾尔莎  No, you're no match for Elsa.
我呢  从另一方面说  现在可是英雄  I, on the other hand, am the hero
我将把阿伦黛尔从毁灭的危险中解救出来  who is going to save Arendelle from destruction.
你不会得逞的  You won't get away with this.
可我已经得逞喽  Oh, I already have.
来人啊  救命  Please, somebody help.
救救我  救救我  Please, please!
天越来越冷了  It's getting colder by the minute.
如果不赶紧采取措施  If we don't do something soon,
都会被冻死的  we'll all freeze to death.
-汉斯王子  -安娜公主已经...  -Prince Hans. -Princess Anna is...
-不在了  -什么  -dead. -What...?
她怎么了  What happened to her?
她被艾尔莎女王杀掉了  She was killed by Queen Elsa.
那可是她亲姐姐啊  Her own sister.
幸好在她死在我怀中之前  At least we got to say our marriage vows
我们结婚了  before she died in my arms.
现在毋庸置疑了  There can be no doubt now.
艾尔莎女王是个怪物  Queen Elsa is a monster
我们都有危险  and we are all in grave danger.
汉斯殿下  阿伦黛尔就靠您了  Prince Hans, Arendelle looks to you.
我沉重宣布  With a heavy heart,
阿伦黛尔的艾尔莎女王犯叛国罪  I charge Queen Elsa of Arendelle with treason
我判处她死刑  and sentence her to death.
快点  Hurry up!
她很危险  动作要快  不能疏忽  She's dangerous. Move quickly and be careful.
-门打不开  -冻住了  -The door's not open! -It's frozen.
干嘛啊  伙计  我说  当心点  What is it, buddy? Hey, watch it.
你这是怎么了  What's wrong with you?
你这么说我听不明白  I don't understand you when you talk like that.
停下  放我下来  Ah! Stop it! Put me down!
别这样  斯温  我们不会回去的  No, Sven! We're not going back!
人家和她真爱在一起呢  She's with her true love.
这是什么...  What the...
安娜  Anna!
快点  快点啊哥们  Come on! Come on, boy!
救命  Help.
安娜  不是吧  Anna. Oh no.
奥洛夫  奥洛夫  离那儿远点  Olaf? Olaf. Get away from there.
这就是热的感觉啊  我喜欢  So this is heat. I love it.
但我可不能碰  Ooh! But don't touch it!
汉斯哪去了  你的吻呢  So, where's Hans? What happened to your kiss?
我看走眼了  他不是真爱  I was wrong about him. It wasn't true love.
我们白跑了那么远的路回来  But we ran all the way here?
奥洛夫  你不能待在这儿  Please Olaf, you can't stay here,
会融化的  you'll melt.
在找到真爱救你之前  I am not leaving here
我不会离开你的  until we find some other act of true love to save you.
你有什么主意吗  Do you happen to have any ideas?
我都不明白什么是爱  I don't even know what love is.
那没关系  我明白  That's okay, I do.
爱就是...  Love is...
把某个人看得比自己还重  putting someone else's needs before yours,
比如  like, you know,
克里斯托夫把你送回汉斯身边  how Kristoff brought you back here to Hans
然后永远离开  and left you forever.
克里斯托夫爱我吗  Kristoff loves me?
你是真的不懂爱啊  Wow, you really don't know anything about love, do you?
奥洛夫  你要融化了  Olaf, you're melting.
为了某些人粉身碎骨都值得  Some people are worth melting for.
但现在好像不是时候  Just maybe not right this second.
别担心  我去搞定  Don't worry, I've got it!
我们得想个办法...  We're going to get through...
等等  我看见什么了  Oh, wait. Hang on. I'm getting something.
是克里斯托夫和斯温  It's Kristoff and Sven!
他们回来了  They're coming back this way.
是他们  They... they are?
他跑得真快啊  Wow, he's really moving fast.
我可能想错了  I guess I was wrong.
克里斯托夫还没爱你爱到完全放下你  I guess Kristoff doesn't love you enough to leave you behind.
扶我起来  奥洛夫  拜托  Help me up, Olaf. Please.
不不不  No, no, no, no, no.
你得待在炉火边取暖  You need to stay by the fire and keep warm.
-我得去找克里斯托夫  -干嘛  -I need to get to Kristoff. -Why?
我知道为什么了  Oh, oh, oh, I know why.
他是你的真爱啊  There's your act of true love right there,
就是那个勇士一般穿越峡湾  riding across the fjords like a valiant,
体味刺鼻的驯鹿国王  pungent reindeer King!
快走吧  Come on!
小心  Look out!
走这边  Back this way!
我们被困住了  We're trapped.
安娜  滑下去  Slide, Anna.
成功了  We made it!
走走走  Go, Go, Go, Go...
快点啊  伙计  快点  Come on, buddy, faster.
克里斯托夫  Kristoff!
不要停  Keep going!
克里斯托夫  Kristoff!
不要...  No...
斯温  Sven!
好样的  Good boy.
克里斯托夫  Kristoff.
安娜  Anna!
艾尔莎  Elsa.
你不能一走了之  You can't run from this!
-照顾好我妹妹  -你妹妹  -Just take care of my sister. -Your sister?
她从山里回来了  冰冷虚弱  She returned from the mountain weak and cold.
她说你冰冻了她的心  She said you froze her heart.
我努力救她  但还是来不及了  I tried to save her, but it was too late.
她的皮肤结了冰  头发也变白了  Her skin was ice. Her hair turned white.
你妹妹死了  都是你干的  Your sister is dead... because of you.
不  No!
克里斯托夫  Kristoff?
安娜  Anna!
艾尔莎  Elsa?
不  No!
安娜  Anna!
安娜  不要啊  求你了  Oh, Anna... no... no, please no.
安娜  Anna.
安娜  Anna?
安娜  Anna?
艾尔莎  Oh, Elsa.
你牺牲了自己来救我  You sacrificed yourself for me?
我爱你啊  I love you.
真爱能融化冰冻的心  An act of true love will thaw a frozen heart.
真爱会融化...  Love will thaw...
对啊  是爱  Love. Of course.
-艾尔莎  -原来是爱啊  -Elsa? -Love.
我就知道你可以的  I knew you could do it.
毫无疑问  这是我今生最棒的一天  Hands down, this is the best day of my life
也很可能是最后一天  and quite possibly the last.
奥洛夫  挺住啊  小家伙  Oh, Olaf. Hang on, little guy.
我自己的冰雪云哎  Hey, my own personal flurry.
安娜   她不是冰冻了你的心吗  Anna? But she froze your heart.
这里你的心最冷  The only frozen heart around here is yours.
干的漂亮  Fantastic!
我会把这个恶棍遣送回国的  I will return this scoundrel to his country.
我们可以看看  We shall see
他的十二个哥哥怎么处理他  what his twelve big brothers think of his behavior.
阿伦黛尔感谢您  殿下  Arendelle thanks you, my Lord.
这不合理  This is unacceptable.
我是无辜的  我也受到了惊吓  I am innocent. I'm a victim of fear.
我受到了创伤  我的脖子疼  I've been traumatized. Ow! My neck hurts.
我能否看下医生  算了  Is there a doctor I could see? No.
我要见女王  I demand to see the Queen!
我这儿有女王的圣旨  I have a message from the Queen.
从今往后  Arendelle will henceforth and forever
阿伦黛尔永不与猥琐屯进行任何贸易往来  no longer do business of any sort with Weaseltown.
韦瑟顿  是韦瑟顿  Weselton. It's Weselton!
快来快来快来  Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on!
好好好  我来了  Ow, Okay, Okay, here I come.
-柱子...  -抱歉  -Pole... -Oops. So Sorry.
好了好了  到了  Okay. Okay. Here we are.
我欠你的雪橇  I owe you a sled.
你没开玩笑吧  Are you serious?
当然没有  而且这是最新款的  Yes. And it's the latest model.
不行  我不能要  No. I can't accept this.
你必须要  不退不换  女王的命令  You have to. No returns. No exchanges. Queen's orders.
你是阿伦黛尔官方制定冰块供应商  She's named you the official Arendelle Ice Master and Deliverer.
-什么  这不行吧  -当然行  -What? That's not a thing. -Sure it is.
而且还有个奖杯  你喜欢吗  And it even has a cup holder. Do you like it?
喜欢  简直是爱死了  Like it? I love it!
我真想吻你  I could kiss you!
我可以 我意思是我想我...  I could. I mean I'd like to. I'd...
我可以吗  我...你...  May I? We me...
我是说  我们可以吗  I mean, may we?
等等  什么  Wait, what?
我们可以的  We may.
夏天  Summer!
你们好  Hello.
大家准备好了吗  Are you ready?
门开着真好  I like the open gates.
我们再也不会关门了  We are never closing them again.
艾尔莎  这是很漂亮  Oh, Elsa, they're beautiful,
但我不会滑...  but you know I don't ska...
来吧  你可以的  Come on, you can do it!
当心  驯鹿过去了  Look out! The reindeer is coming through!
我站不稳  站不稳  I don't got it. I don't got it!
我来啦  Hey, guys!
奥洛夫  Olaf!


