疯狂动物城
恐惧 背叛和嗜血  Fear, treachery, blood lust.
在数万年前支配着我们的世界  Thousands of years ago these were the forces that ruled our world
那时食草动物惧怕食肉动物  A world where prey were scared of predators.
而食肉动物都有着他们难以克制的生物本能  And predators had an uncontrollable...
让他们捕猎 残杀 还有  biological urge to maim, and maul, and...
流血 血 血  Blood! Blood! Blood!
和死亡  And.. Death!
那时世界分成两大阵营  Back then, the world was divided in two.
凶残的食肉动物 和温顺的食草动物  Vicious predator, or meek prey.
时过境迁 我们不断进化  But over time, we evolved,
摆脱了野蛮的本性  and moved beyond or primitive savage ways.
现在食肉和食草动物和谐共处  Now predator and prey live in harmony.
每位小动物都有了无限的机遇  And every young mammal has multitudinous opportunities.
我可以成为一名宇航员  Instead, I can be an astronaut.
我再也不必孤独地追捕猎物了  I don't have to be a lonely hunter anymore.
现在我可以追捕逃税的人  Today I can hunt for tax exemptions.
我要做精算师  I'm gonna be an actuary.
我可以让世界更美好 我要做  And I can make the world a better place. I am going to be...
警察  A police officer!
兔子警察 这是我听过最傻的事儿了  Bunny cop? That is the most stupidest thing I ever heard!
目光短浅的人看来 这是不可能  It may seem impossible to small minds.
说你你 吉迪恩·格雷  I'm looking at you, Gideon Grey.
但是211英里外就是伟大的动物城  But, just 211 miles away, stands the great city of Zootopia.
我们双方的祖先最早在那里签订了和平契约  Where our ancestors first joined together in peace.
正式宣布 谁都能成就无限可能  And declared that anyone can be anything!
谢谢大家 晚安  Thank you and good night.
朱迪 你想没想过  Judy, you ever wonder how
你妈妈和我为什么这么幸福吗  your mom and me got to be so darn happy?
没有  Nope.
因为我们放弃梦想 安定下来 对吗 邦妮  Well, we gave up on our dreams, and we settled. Right, Bon?
是啊 斯图 我们可安定了  Oh, yes. That's right, Stu. We settled hard.
你看 这就是知足常乐的好处 朱迪  You see, that's the beauty of complacency, Jude.
如果不去尝试新的事物 就绝不会失败  If you don't try anything new, you'll never fail.
我挺喜欢尝试的  I like trying, actually.
亲爱的 你爸爸是说  What your father means, hon,
成为警官非常难 甚至不可能  is that it's gonna be difficult, impossible even...
尤其是对于你来说  for you to become a police officer.
没错 还从没有兔子做过警察  Right. There's never been a bunny cop.
没有  兔子不做警察  No.  Bunnies don't do that.
绝不会  绝不  Never.  Never.
那我就是第一个了  Well... Then I guess I'll have to be the first one.
因为我要让世界更美好  Because I am gonna make the world a better place!
或者 这样  Or, heck, you know.
想让世界更美好吗  You wanna talk about making the world a better place,
做个种胡萝卜的农民最好了  no better way to do it than becoming a carrot farmer.
是啊 你爸爸和我 还有你275个兄弟姐妹  Yes! Your dad, me, your 275 brothers and sisters.
我们就是在改变世界  We're changing the world.
一根胡萝卜一根胡萝卜地拯救  可不是嘛  One carrot at a time.  Amen to that.
种胡萝卜是光荣的职业  Carrot farming is a noble profession.
只要把种子  Just pulling their seeds out
撒进土里  And one with the soil...
懂吗 有梦想是好事  You get it, honey? I mean, it's great to have dreams.
只要别陷进去就好  Yeah, just as long as you don't believe in them too much.
她去哪了  Where the heck'd she go?
把票给我  Give me your tickets right now,
不然揍扁你温顺的小屁股  or I'm gonna kick your meek little sheep butt.
住手 吉迪恩  Cut it out, Gideon!
咩咩 你要哭吗  Baah, baah! What are you gonna do, cry?
听她的 快住手  制服不错 小废物  You heard her. Cut it out.  Nice costume, loser.
你是活在什么地方  What crazy world are you living in
以为兔子还能当警察吗  where you think a bunny could be a cop?
你乖乖地把票还给他们  Kindly return my friend's tickets.
有种来拿 但是小心点  Come and get them. But watch out.
因为我是狐狸  Cause I'm a fox,
就像你在那个愚蠢的舞台剧里说的  and like you said in your dumb little stage play,
以前食肉动物是吃食草动物的  us predators used to eat prey.
杀手本能还在我们的DANA里  And that killer instinct's still in our DANA.
那个 我记得该是DNA  Uh, I'm pretty much sure it's pronounced DNA.
我知道 不用你告诉我 崔维斯  Don't tell me what I know, Travis.
你吓不倒我的 吉迪恩  You don't scare me, Gideon.
现在怕了吗  Scared now?
看那鼻子抽的 她怕了呢  Look at her nose twitch, she is scared.
哭吧 小兔兔 哭吧  Cry, little baby bunny! Cry...
你就是不肯放弃 是吧  Oh, you don't know when to quit, do you?
你给我好好记着  I want you to remember this moment
免得你再不安分  the next time you think you will ever be...
忘了自己就是只种胡萝卜的蠢兔子  anything more than just a stupid carrot farming dumb bunny.
好重啊  你没事吧 朱迪  That looks bad.  Are you okay, Judy?
我没事 给你  Yeah, yeah, I'm okay. Here you go.
你把票拿回来了  你真棒 朱迪  Wow, you got our tickets!  You're awesome, Judy.
吉迪恩·格雷真是胡说八道  Yeah, that Gideon Grey doesn't know what he's talking about!
不过 有件事他是说对了  Well, he was right about one thing.
我就是不肯放弃  I don't know when to quit.
听好了 学员们  Listen up, cadets.
动物城境内有12个独特的生态系统  Zootopia has 12 unique ecosystems within its city limits.
比如冰原镇 撒哈拉广场 热带雨林区  Tundratown, Sahara Square, Rainforest District, to name a few.
上路之前 你们必须  You're gonna have to
掌握每个区域的情况  master all of them before you hit the streets.
否则的话 你就死定了  Or guess what? You'll be dead!
炽热沙尘暴  Scorching sandstorm.
死了 兔宝宝  You're dead, bunny bumpkin.
一千英尺高空云梯  One thousand foot fall.
死了 胡萝卜头  You're dead, carrot face.
冰墙攀岩  Frigid ice wall.
死了 小山妞  You're dead, farm girl.
打击大块头罪犯 你死了  Enormous criminal. You're dead.
死了 死了 死了  Dead. Dead. Dead.
掉进马桶 你死了 小不点  Filthy toilet. You're dead, fluff butt.
退学回家吧 毛兔兔  Just quit and go home, fuzzy bunny.
从没有兔子当过警察  从没有  There's never been a bunny cop.  Never.
从没有  种胡萝卜的蠢兔子  Never.  Just a stupid carrot farming dumb bunny.
作为动物城的市长  As mayor of Zootopia,
我很荣幸地宣布 哺乳动物选拔行动的  I am proud to announce that my mammal inclusion initiative,
已经产生了第一届警校毕业生  has produced its first police academy graduate.
有请毕业生中的佼佼者 警校第一位兔子警官  Valedictorian of her class, ZPD's very first rabbit officer...
朱迪·霍普斯  Judy Hopps.
羊副市长 她的警徽  Assistant Mayor Bellwether, her badge.
对了  谢谢  Oh, yes, yes!  Thank you.
朱迪 我很荣幸地  Judy, it is my great privilege
将你分配到动物城的中心区  to officially assign you to the heart of Zootopia...
市中心的第一分局  Precinct One. City Center.
恭喜你 霍普斯警官  Congratulations, Officer Hopps.
我不会让你失望的  I won't let you down.
这是我从小的梦想  This has been my dream since I was a kid.
知道么 这是我们小动物的骄傲  You know, it's a real proud day for us little guys.
头羊 让一让  Bellwether, make room, will you? Come on.
好了 霍普斯警官 笑一个  Okay, Officer Hopps. Let's see those teeth!
霍普斯警官 看这里  Officer Hopps, look here.
我们真为你骄傲 朱迪  也有点担心  We're real proud of you, Judy.  Yeah, and scared too.
是啊  又骄傲又担心  Yes.  Really, it's kind of a proud scared combo.
动物城啊 那么远 那么大  I mean, Zootopia. So far away, such a big city.
爸妈 我一直都在为这一刻努力  Guys, I've been working for this my whole life.
我们知道 我们是替你高兴 也有点害怕  We know. And we're just a little excited for you, but terrified.
除了恐惧 没什么好害怕的  The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
还有熊 熊也要怕  And also bears. We have bears to fear, too.
更不用说狮子和狼了  狼  Say nothing on lions, and wolves.  Wolves?
黄鼠狼  你还和黄鼠狼玩过牌  Weasels.  You played cribbage with a weasel once?
是啊 他那作弊真是没底线  Yeah, he cheats like there's no tomorrow.
说真的 食肉动物都一样  You know what? Pretty much all predators.
动物城全都是  斯图  And Zootopia is full of them.  Oh, Stu.
狐狸是最坏的  And foxes are the worst.
你爸爸说的有点道理  Yeah, actually, your father does have a point there.
这是动物的本性 还记得吉迪恩·格雷吗  It's in their biology. Remember what happened with Gideon Grey?
那时我才九岁 他是个无赖 刚好也是只狐狸  When I was nine. Gideon Grey was a jerk who happens to be a fox.
我知道很多兔子也是无赖  I know plenty of bunnies who are jerks.
是啊 可不是 可是以防万一  Sure, yeah, we all do, absolutely. But just in case,
我们给你弄了个爱心包  we made you a little care package to take with you.
放了点点心  强力防狐喷  I put some snacks in there.  This is fox deterrent.
拿着挺放心的  随身防狐喷  Yeah, it's safe to have that.  This is fox repellant.
又震慑又驱赶 够了  The deterrent and the repellant, that's all she needs.
看看这个  天哪  Check this out!  Oh, for goodness sake!
不用带电狐器吧 斯图  She has no need for a fox taser, Stu.
得了吧 电狐器总能用得上  Oh, come on. When is there not a need for a fox taser?
好了 好吧 我带这个 你们不用再说了  Well, okay, look, I will take this... To make you stop talking.
太棒了 大家都开心  Terrific! Everyone wins!
进站列车 终点动物城  Arriving, Zootopia Express.
好了 得走了 再见  Okay, gotta go. Bye!
我爱你们  I love you, guys.
爱你  Love you, too.
天哪 要哭鼻子了  Oh, cripes, here come the waterworks.
斯图 振作点  Oh, Stu. Pull it together.
大家再见  Bye everybody!
再见 朱迪 我爱你  Bye Judy, I love you! Bye!
再见  Bye!

♪ 我今晚搞砸了 再一次落败 ♪  I messed up tonight I lost another fight
♪ 败给自己 但我会卷土重来 ♪  Lost to myself But I'll just start again
♪ 我不断跌倒 ♪  I keep falling down
♪ 不断摔倒在地 ♪  I keep on hitting the ground
♪ 但还是爬起来向前看 ♪  I always get up now
♪ 迎接新的挑战 ♪  to see what's next
♪ 鸟儿生来不会飞翔 ♪  Birds don't just fly
♪ 他们坠落 再重新起航 ♪  They fall down and get up
♪ 没有人不犯错就能学习 ♪  Nobody learns without getting it wrong
♪ 我不会放弃 我不会屈服 ♪  I won't give up no I won't give in
♪ 直到终点 再重新上路 ♪  Till I reach the end and then I'll start again
♪ 我不会离开 ♪  No I won't leave
♪ 我要尝试一切 ♪  I want to try eveiything
♪ 即使会失败也绝不退缩 ♪  I want to try even though I could fail
♪ 我不会放弃 我不会屈服 ♪  I won't give up no I won't give in
♪ 我会到达终点 并再次起航 ♪  Till I reach the end and then I'll start again
♪ 我不会离开 我要尝试一切 ♪  No I won't leave I want to try eveiything
♪ 就算会失败也要不断尝试 ♪  I want to try even though I could fail
♪ 尝试一切 ♪  Try eveiything
♪ 尝试一切 ♪  Try eveiything
♪ 尝试一切 ♪  Try eveiything
♪ 我会继续犯错 ♪  I'll keep on making those new mistakes
♪ 我会每天犯下 ♪  I'll keep on making them every day
♪ 新的错误 ♪  Those new mistakes
♪ 尝试一切 ♪  Try eveiything
♪ 尝试一切 ♪  Try eveiything
♪ 尝试一切 ♪  Try eveiything
♪ 尝试一切 ♪  Try eveiything
我是夏奇羚 欢迎来到动物城  I'm Gazelle. Welcome to Zootopia.
欢迎光临穿山甲公寓  And welcome to the Grand Pangolin Arms.
魅力四射的豪华公寓  Luxury apartments with charm.
每月一次免费除虱 钥匙别丢了  Complementary delousing once a month. Don't lose your key!
谢谢  Thank you.
你们好 我是朱迪 新邻居  我们可很吵的  Oh, hi! I'm Judy, your new neighbour!  Yeah? Well, we're loud.
也不会道歉的  Don't expect us to apologize for it.
油油的墙  Greasy walls.
晃晃的床  Rickety bed.
疯狂的邻居  Crazy neighbors.
我喜欢  I love it!
别这样 他先露的牙  Come on! He bared his teeth first!
你好  Excuse me!
在下面  Down here!
你好  我的天哪  Hi.  O... M... Goodness!
他们真找了只兔子  They really did hire a bunny.
天哪 说实话  Ho whop! I gotta tell you,
你比我想像中的还可爱  you're even cuter than I thought you'd be.
你可能不知道  Ooh, ah, you probably didn't know,
兔子可以互相说可爱  but a bunny can call another bunny "Cute",
但是换了其他动物 就有点  but when other animals do it, that's a little...
真抱歉 我 本杰明·爪豪斯  I am so sorry! Me, Benjamin Clawhauser.
大家都以为我  The guy everyone thinks is
只是爱吃甜甜圈的软萌警察 偏见真不好  just a flabby donutloving cop, stereotyping you.
没事的  No, it's okay.
你那里有个 那个  You've actually got... there's a...
什么  脖子里 领子上面  A what?  In your neck. The fold.
那个  你在这啊 小坏蛋  The... this...  Oh, there you went, you little dickens!
我得去报到了 走哪边  Hehehe, I should get to roll call, so which way do I...
办公室在那边左侧  谢谢  Oh, bull pen's over there to the left.  Great. Thank you!
这小兔子会被生吞活剥的  That poor little bunny's gonna get eaten alive.
我是霍普斯警官 准备让世界变得美好吗  Officer Hopps. You ready to make the world a better place?
全体都有  Attention!
好了 好了 都坐下  All right. All right. Everybody sit.
我这里有三件事  I've got three items on the docket.
第一件 大象警官是不是来了  First, we need to acknowledge the elephant in the room.
弗朗辛 生日快乐  Francine. Happy birthday.
第二件事  Number two.
有些新人我得介绍一下  There are some new recruits with us I should introduce,
但我不想介绍了 因为 我懒得说  but I'm not going to because... I don't care.
最后 有14起哺乳动物失踪案  Finally, we have 14 missing mammal cases.
全是食肉动物 从大北极熊到小水獭  All predators. From a giant polar bear to a teensy little otter.
市政厅天天追在我屁股后面  And City Hall is right up my tail to find them.
这是头等大事 任务分配  This is priority number one. Assignments.
灰熊利 牙迈尔 德尔加多警官  Officers Grizzoli, Fangmeyer, Delgato.
你们负责热带雨林区的失踪案  Your team take missing mammals from the Rainforest District.
麦克角 犀威兹 狼法德警官  Officers McHorn, Rhinowitz, Wolfard.
你们负责撒哈拉广场区  Your teams take Sahara Square.
河马金斯 吼洛夫 象克鼻警官 冰原镇  Officers Higgins, Snarlov, Trunkaby. Tundratown.
最后 第一只兔子 霍普斯警官  And finally, our first bunny, Officer Hopps.
交通协管 解散  Parking duty. Dismissed.
交通协管  Parking duty?
局长 牛局长  Chief? Chief Bogo?
长官 你说有14起哺乳动物失踪案  Sir. You said there were fourteen missing mammal cases.
所以呢  我可以负责一起  So?  So I can handle one.
您可能忘了 我毕业时是班里第一名  You probably forgot but, I was top of my class at the academy.
没忘 那又怎么样  Didn't forget. Just don't care.
长官 我可不是只吉祥物  Sir, I'm not just some token bunny.
那一天开100张罚单应该没问题  Well then, writing a hundred tickets a day should be easy.
100张 我才不开100张呢  100 tickets. I'm not gonna write 100 tickets.
我中午之前就要开200张  I'm gonna write 200 tickets. Before noon.
中午之前 200张  Two hundred tickets before noon!
201张  201.
看着点路 狐狸  Hey, watch where you're going, fox!
他去哪了  Where'd he go?
我不知道你大白天的  Listen. I know what you're doing
出来晃悠什么呢  skulking around during daylight hours,
但我不想给店里惹麻烦 快走吧  but I don't want any trouble in here. So hit the road!
我也不是想找麻烦的  I'm not looking for any trouble either, sir...
我只想买个大冰棍 给我儿子  I simply wanna buy a Jumbo Pop. For my little boy.
要红的还是蓝的  You want the red, or the blue, pal?
我真是  I'm such a...
行了 孩子 回去吧  Oh, come on, kid. Back up.
听我说  怎么了  Listen, buddy.  What?
你那边没有狐狸开的冰淇淋店吗  There aren't any fox ice cream joints in your part of town?
有啊 有 只是我儿子  No, no. There are, there are. It's just, my boy,
这只小傻狐狸 特别迷大象  this goofy little stinker, he loves all things elephant.
长大了也想当大象  He wants to be one when he grows up.
多可爱啊  Isn't that adorable?
我怎么忍心让他梦想破灭呢  Who the heck am I to crush his little dreams, huh? Right?
你是不识字吗 狐狸 看这个  Look, you probably can't read, fox, but the sign says
我们有权拒绝提供服务  we reserve the right to refuse service to anyone!
快走吧  So beat it.
后面都等着呢  You're holding up the line.
你好 不好意思  Hello. Excuse me.
你也和其他人一样  Hey, you're gonna have to
得排队等着 交通协管  wait your turn like everyone else, meter maid.
其实我是警员  Actually, I'm an officer.
就问一下  Just have a quick question.
你的顾客们知道  Are your customers aware they're getting
吃的饼干和冰淇淋里有鼻涕吗  snot and mucus with their cookies and cream?
你说什么呢  What are you talking about?
我不想惹麻烦  Well. I don't wanna cause you any trouble,
但是不戴口罩挖冰淇淋  but I believe scooping ice cream with
违反了健康法规第3条  an ungloved trunk is a class 3 health code violation.
这可不是小事  Which is kind of a big deal.
当然 如果你肯戴上  Of course I could let you off
我是可以给你个警告了事  with a warning if you were to glove those trunks
而且 还得给这位  and... I don't know... finish selling this...
爸爸和他儿子 卖一根 什么  nice dad and his son a... What was it?
大冰棒 拜托了  A Jumbo Pop. Please.
大冰棒  A Jumbo Pop.
15块  非常感谢 谢谢你  $15.  Thank you so much. Thank you.
不会吧  Oh no, are you kidding me...
忘带钱包了  I don't have my wallet!
真是就差忘带脑袋了  I'd lose my head if it weren't attached to my neck.
真是啊 天哪 不好意思  That's the truth. Oh, boy. I'm sorry, pal.
大概是你最糟的生日了  Gotta be about the worst birthday ever.
别生我的气 谢谢你  Please don't be mad at me. Thanks anyway.
不用找了  Keep the change.
警官 真是太感谢你了  Officer, I can't thank you enough.
你人真好 我一定还你钱  So kind. Really. Can I pay you back?
不用 别客气  Oh, no. My treat.
主要是听到别人  It's just, you know it burns me up
对狐狸有偏见我就受不了  to see folks with such backward attitudes towards foxes.
我只是想说  I just want to say you're
你是位好父亲 口才真棒  a great dad and just a real articulate fella.
真是过奖了  Well, that is high praise.
我也很少遇到不看低我的人  It's rare that I find someone so nonpatronizing.
警官你叫  霍普斯 你是  Officer?  Hopps. Mr..?
王尔德 尼克·王尔德  Wilde. Nick Wilde.
你呢 小家伙 长大了想做大象吗  And you, little guy. You wanna be an elephant when you grow up?
那就去做大象好了 这是动物城  You be an elephant. Because this is Zootopia.
谁都能成就无限可能  Anyone can be anything.
我总这么跟他说  I tell him that all the time.
好了 给你 双爪抱住  All right, here you go. Two paws.
看这笑脸 生日快乐真开心  Yeah. Oh, look at that smile, that's a happy birthday smile!
好了 吹个再见的声音吧  All right, give her a little byebye toottoot.
再见了  再见  Bye, now!  Goodbye!
小大象  Hey, little toot toot...
爪子冰棍  Pawpsicles.
来吃爪子冰棍  Get your Pawpsicles.
木材送到了  怎么这个颜色  Lumber delivery.  What's with the color?
颜色 这是红木  The color? Uh... it's redwood.
三十九 四十 拿着吧  39, 40, there you go.
装小孩真厉害 大家伙  Way to work that diaper, big guy.
不跟爸爸吻别吗  No kiss bye bye for daddy?
你要再敢亲我 我把你脸咬下来  You kiss me tomorrow, I'll bite your face off!
再见  Ciao.
我为你出头 你却骗了我  Well, I stood up for you, and you lied to me.
你个骗子  You liar!
这叫智取 亲爱的  It's called a hustle, Sweetheart.
而且我不是骗子 他才是  And I'm not the liar. He is.
好了 狡猾的尼克 你被捕了  All right, SlickNick. You're under arrest.
真的吗 为什么  Really? For what?
我也不清楚 无证经营食品吗  Gee, I don't know. How about selling food without a permit?
跨区运输未申报商品  Transporting undeclared commerce across borough lines?
虚假广告  许可证 商品申报凭证  False advertizing.  Permit. Receipt of declared commerce.
我没做虚假广告 再会  And I didn't falsely advertize anything. Take care.
你跟老鼠说冰棒棍是红木的  You told that mouse the Pawpsicle sticks were redwood!
是啊 红色的木头 简称就是  That's right. Red wood. With a space in the middle.
红木  Wood that is red.
你动不了我的 萝卜头  You can't touch me, Carrots.
我从小就在这里混了  I've been doing this since I was born.
不许再叫我萝卜头  You're gonna wanna refrain from calling me Carrots.
我的错 我只是觉得你  My bad. I just naturally assumed you came...
肯定是从种胡萝卜的穷乡僻壤来的吧  from some little carrotchoked Podunk. No?
不不  Uh, no.
鹿溪才是穷乡僻壤 我在兔窝镇长大  Podunk is in Deerbrooke county and I grew up in Bunnyburrow.
来听听这个故事你熟不熟  Okay. Tell me if this story sounds familiar.
天真的小山妞成绩好 有理想  Naive little hick with good grades and big ideas
就觉得 我得去动物城  decides "Hey, look at me, I'm gonna move to Zootopia...
食肉和食草动物和平相处 还一起唱山歌  where predators and prey live in harmony and sing Kumbaya!"
结果呢 第一个没想到 他们相处并不好  Only to find, whoopsie, we don't all get along.
做大城市警察的梦想  And that dream of becoming a big city cop,
第二个没想到 成了交通协管  double whoopsie, she's a meter maid.
第三个没想到  And whoopsie number threesie,
没人在乎她和她的梦想  no one cares about her or her dreams.
梦想很快就破灭了  And soon enough those dreams die,
然后身体和精神都消沉下去  and our bunny sinks into emotional and literal squalor
只能住在桥洞里  living in a box under a bridge.
终于发现自己只能选择回家  Till finally she has no choice but to go back home
夹着自己那条  with that cute fuzzy wuzzy
毛茸茸的小尾巴 成为一个  little tail between her legs to become...
你是兔窝镇的 对吧  You're from Bunnyburrow, is that what you said?
一个种胡萝卜的村姑  So how about a carrot farmer?
听着不错吧  That sound about right?
小心点 不然就不止是你的梦想被碾碎了  Be careful now, or it won't just be your dreams getting crushed.
没人能对我的未来说三道四  No one tells me what I can or can't be.
尤其是个没胆量的混球  Especially not some jerk who never had the guts to
只知道制作爪子冰棍  try to be anything more than a Pawpsicle hustler.
好了  All right, look.
每个来到动物城的动物  Everyone comes to Zootopia
都以为能心想事成  thinking they can be anything they want.
但其实不行 你只能是你自己  Well, you can't. You can only be what you are.
狐狸狡猾 兔子蠢  Sly fox. Dumb bunny.
我不蠢  I'm not a dumb bunny.
好吧 这也不是湿水泥  Right. And that's not wet cement.
你永远成不了真警察  You'll never be a real cop.
做交通协管倒是挺不错  You're a cute meter maid, though.
没准还能升职呢 加油  Maybe a supervisor one day. Hang in there.
爸爸妈妈  接通啦 亲爱的  Oh, hey, it's my parents!  Oh, there she is! Hi, Sweetheart!
你好啊 厉害的朱迪  Hey there, Jude the Dude.
第一天做警察怎么样  How was your first day on the force?
可棒了  跟想的一样吗  It was real great!  Yeah? Everything you ever hoped?
当然了 还有呢  Absolutely. And more.
大家都可好了 我觉得  Everyone's so nice, and I feel like...
工作很有意义  I'm really making a difference.
等等 天哪 邦妮  Wait a second. Holy cranks, Bonnie.
看看  我的天哪  Look at that!  Oh, my sweet heaven!
朱迪 你是交通协管吗  Judy, are you a meter maid?
这个 只是暂时的  Oh, this.. No! Oh, no. This is just a temporary thing..
警局最安全的工作  她不是真警察  It's the safest job on the force!  She's not a real cop!
祈祷终于有回音了  赞美主  Our prayers have been answered!  Glorious day!
交通协管 交通协管 交通协管  Ho ho, meter maid, meter maid, meter maid!
爸爸 爸爸  交通协管  Dad! Dad!  Meter maid!
今天已经很累了 我得  You know what, it's been a really long day, I should...
你休息吧  好好协管交通去吧  You get some rest.  Those meters aren't gonna maid themselves.
再见  再见  Bye bye.  Bye bye.
兔子 快关了那丧气的歌  Hey, bunny! Turn down that depressing music!
别烦交通协管 没听她说话吗  Leave the meter maid alone, didn't you hear her conversation?
她觉得自己是废物  闭嘴  She feels like a failure!  Oh, shut up!
你闭嘴  你闭嘴  You shut up!  You shut up!
你闭嘴  明天又是新的一天  You shut up!  Tomorrow is another day.
是啊 还可能更糟呢  Yeah, but it might be worse!
我才超了30秒  I was 30 seconds over!
你真厉害 姑娘  Yeah, you're a real hero, lady.
我妈妈说 她希望你去死  My mommy says she wishes you were dead.
死兔子 拿我罚款开工资么？  Uncool rabbit, my tax dollars pay your salary.
我是真的警察 我是真的警察  I am a real cop. I am a real cop.
我是真的警察 我是真的警察  I am a real cop. I am a real cop.
你 兔子  Hey, you! Bunny!
先生 您如果有意见  Sir, if you have a grievance
可以去交通法庭起诉  you may contest recitation in traffic court.
你说什么呢 我的店  What are you talking about?! My shop!
刚被抢了 看 他跑了  It was just robbed! Look, he's getting away!
你到底是不是警察？  Well, are you a cop or not?
是啊 是啊 不用担心 先生 交给我  Yes! Yes! Don't worry, sir, I got this!
站住  Stop!
你违法了！  Stop in the name of the law!
来抓我啊 毛尾巴  Catch me if ya' can, cottontail!
快闪开！  Coming through!
我是麦克角警官 发现违法行为  This is officer McHorn. We got a 1031.
交给我 霍普斯警官 我在追了  I got dibs! Officer Hopps, I am in pursuit!
你 站住  You! Freeze!
交通协管 等真的警察来吧  Hey, meter maid! Wait for the real cops!
站住  Stop!
抱歉 借过 抱歉 对不起  Sorry! Coming through. Excuse me. Excuse me. Pardon.
拜拜了 萝卜头  Bon voyage, flatfoot!
站住  吃个甜甜圈吧 条子  Stop right there!  Have a donut, coppa!
发型好棒  谢谢  I love your hair.  Thank you.
来找爸爸吧  Come to papa!
好了 您得跟其他人一样排队  Okay. You're gonna have to be patient and wait in line
耐心等 水獭顿太太 好吗  just like everyone else, Mrs. Otterton. Okay?
黄鼠狼上门了  霍普斯  I popped the weasel!  Hopps!
危及啮齿动物生命  Reckless endangerment of rodents...
但说句公道话  But, to be fair,
你确实阻止了个恶棍  you did stop a master criminal
偷走两打发霉的洋葱  from stealing two dozen moldy onions.
抱歉 长官 这些不是洋葱  Hate to disagree with you, sir, but those aren't onions.
这些是藏红花属植物 俗称嚎叫花或西红花  Those are a crocus variety called midnicampum holicithias.
是C类药用植物 长官  They're a class C botanical, sir.
我家那里  Well, I grew up in a family
都流行种植业  where plant husbandry was kind of a thing...
闭上你的小嘴  长官 我抓住了坏人  Shut your tiny mouth now!  Sir, I got the bad guy.
这是我的工作  That's my job.
你的工作是开停车罚单  Your job is putting tickets on parked cars!
局长 水獭顿夫人又来找你了  Chief, Mrs. Otterton's here to see you again.
现在不行  我只想知道你是不是  Not now.  Okay, I just need to know if you want to...
这次见见 她好像挺伤心  现在不行  take it this time she seems really upset...  Not now!
长官 我不想做交通协管  Sir. I don't wanna be a meter maid,
我想做真的警察  I wanna be a real cop.
你以为市长把你分过来时  Do you think the mayor asked what I wanted...
问过我想要什么吗  可是 长官  when he assigned you to me?  But, sir...
生活不是卡通音乐剧  Life isn't some cartoon musical
只要唱唱跳跳的 然后无聊的梦  where you sing a little song, and your insipid dreams...
就奇迹般地成真了 放手吧  magically come true! So let it go.
牛局长 拜托了 五分钟就好  Chief Bogo, please! Five minutes of your time, please.
抱歉 长官 我想拦住她 但是她实在太滑了  I'm sorry sir. I tried to stop her, she's super slippery.
我得坐一坐  I gotta go sit down.
夫人 我说了 我们已经尽力了  Ma'am, as I've told you, we're doing everything we can.
我丈夫失踪十天了  My husband has been missing for ten days.
他叫艾米特·水獭顿  我知道  His name is Emmitt Otterton.  Yes. I know.
是花匠 我们有两个孩子  He's a florist. We have 2 beautiful children.
他不会凭空消失的  He would never just disappear.
夫人 我们的警探都很忙  Ma'am, our detectives are very busy.
拜托了 肯定有人能找到艾米特的  Please. There's gotta be somebody to find my Emmitt.
水獭顿夫人  我能找到  Mrs. Otterton.  I will find him.
谢谢你 保佑你 小兔子  Thank you! Bless you, bless you, little bunny!
拿着这个 找到我的艾米特  Take this. Find my Emmitt.
带他回来见我和孩子们 拜托了  Bring him home to me and my babies. Please.
水獭顿夫人 请你在外面等  Mrs. Otterton. Please wait out here.
好啊 太感谢你们两个了  Of course. Oh, thank you both so much!
稍等  One second.
你被解雇了  什么 为什么  You're fired.  What? Why?
违抗命令 现在 我要开门了  Insubordination! Now. I'm going to open this door,
你去跟那只水獭说  and you're going to tell that Otter
你之前是交通协管 有严重妄想症  you're a former meter maid with delusion of grandeur,
不能接这个案子  who will not be taking the case.
我听说霍普斯警官接了案子  I just heard Officer Hopps is taking the case!
头羊副市长  Assistant Mayor Bellwether!
哺乳动物选拔行动真的有了成效  The Mammal Inclusion Initiative is really starting to pay off.
狮市长肯定高兴坏了  Mayor Lionheart is just gonna be so jazzed!
先别告诉市长吧  No, let's not tell the mayor just yet.
信息发送成功 好了  And I sent it, and it is done, so I did do that.
我觉得这下案子有把握了  All right, well, I'd say the case is in good hands.
小动物就得互相照应  Us little guys really need to stick together, right?
齐心协力  说得好  Like glue.  Good one.
有需要就给我打电话 好吗  Just call me if you ever need anything. Okay?
我就是你在市政厅的朋友  You've always got a friend at City Hall,
好了 朱迪 再见  Judy. All right! Bye bye!
谢谢你 女士  Thank you, ma'am!
我只给你48个小时  I will give you 48 hours.
太棒了  Yes!
也就是两天时间内找到艾米特·水獭顿  好  That's two days to find Emmitt Otterton.  Okay.
但是找不到 你就得辞职  But...you strike out, you resign.
好吧 成交  Okay. Deal.
很好 爪豪斯会把完整的案宗给你  Splendid. Clawhauser will give you the complete case file.
就这些？ 就是说呀  That's it?  Yikes!
这是我见过最薄的资料了 线索 无  That is the smallest case file I've ever seen. Leads, none.
目击者 无  Witnesses, none.
而且你现在还进不了电脑系统 所以  And you're not in the computer system yet, so...
资源 无  Resources, none!
希望你没把自己的前途  Hoo, I hope you didn't stake your career
都赌在这个案子上  on cracking this one.
可以借我用一下吗 谢谢  Can I just borrow? Thank you.
爪子冰棒  作案凶器  Pawpsicle?  The murder weapon!
"来尝尝爪子冰棒"  没错 因为那  "Get your Pawpsicle"...  Yeah! Cause that...
那是什么意思  What does that mean?
意思是我有线索了  It means I have a lead.
你好 又是我  是嘟嘟警官啊  Hi! Hello! It's me again!  Hey! It's Officer TootToot.
不 我是霍普斯警官  No. Actually it's Officer Hopps,
我要问你几个问题 是关于一个案子的  and I'm here to ask you some questions about a case.
怎么了 交通协管  What happened, meter maid?
有人把路标偷了吗  Did someone steal a traffic cone?
不是我干的  It wasn't me.
萝卜头 你会把宝宝吵醒的  Hey, Carrots, you're gonna wake the baby.
我要去工作了  I gotta get to work.
这很重要 先生  This is important, sir.
你那10块钱的爪子冰棒可以等一会再卖  I think your ten dollars worth of Pawpsicles can wait.
小家伙 我一天挣200块呢  I make 200 bucks a day, fluff.
从我12岁起 一年365天无休  365 days a year, since I was 12.
时间就是金钱 让开  And time is money. Hop along.
请你看一下这张照片  Please just look at the picture.
水獭顿先生手里的爪子冰棒是你卖给他的吧  You sold Mr. Otterton that Pawpsicle, right?
你认识他吗  我认识每个人  Do you know him?  I know everybody.
而且我还知道有家玩具店  And I also know that somewhere
丢了一个毛绒兔  there's a toy store missing its stuffed animal,
所以你赶紧回盒子里待着吧  so why don't you get back to your box?
好吧 是你逼我来硬的  Fine. Then we'll have to do this the hard way.
你把我的婴儿车锁住了吗  Did you just boot my stroller?
尼古拉斯·王尔德 你被捕了  Nicholas Wilde, you are under arrest.
理由呢 伤了你的感情吗  For what? Hurting your feelings?
偷税漏税  Felony tax evasion.
从你12岁开始 每年365天  Yeah.. 200 dollars a day, 365 days a year,
每天200块  since you were 12...
一共是20年 所以乘以20  that's two decades, so times twenty,
也就是146万 应该没错吧  which is 1,460,000, I think.
虽然我只是只蠢兔子  I mean, I am just a dumb bunny,
不过我们很会算数  but we are good at multiplying.
总而言之 在你的税务报表上  Anyway, according to your tax forms,
你申报了 让我看看 零元的税  you reported, let me see here, zero!
很遗憾  Unfortunately,
报税单上作假是重罪  lying on a federal form is a punishable offense.
要判刑5年  空口无凭  5 years jail time.  Well, it's my word against yours.
小家伙 从我12岁起  200 bucks a day, fluff,
每年365天 每天200块  365 days a year, since I was twelve.
事实上 你已经招认了  Actually it's your word against yours.
如果你想要这支笔 你就得帮我找到  And if you want this pen you're going to help me
这只失踪的水獭 不然的话  find this poor missing otter, or the only place
你就只能在监狱的食堂里卖冰棒了  you'll be selling Pawpsicles is the prison cafeteria.
这叫智取 亲爱的  It's called a hustle, sweet heart.
她把你给耍了  She hustled you.
她居然把你给玩了！  She hustled you good!
你现在是警察了 尼克  You're a cop now, Nick.
给你张贴纸 你会用得上的  You're gonna need one of these.
祝你和小毛球合作愉快  Have fun working with the fuzz!
快点说吧  Start talking.
我不知道他在哪儿 我只看见他去了那边  I don't know where he is, I only saw where he went.
棒极了 走吧  Great, let's go!
那地方可不适合可爱的小兔兔  It's not exactly a place for a cute little bunny.
不许说我可爱 上车  好吧 你是老大  Don't call me cute, get in the car.  Okay. You're the boss.
你好  Hi. Hello?
我是 你好  I'm... Hello?
你好 你好  Hello? Hello?
你好 我是  Hello! My name is...
我现在就得打断你  You know, I'm gonna hit the pause button right there.
因为我们不需要兔子童子军饼干了  Cause we're all good on bunny scout cookies.
不  Uh, no.
我是动物城警局的霍普斯警官  I'm Officer Hopps, ZPD.
我在寻找一只失踪的哺乳动物  I'm looking for a missing mammal...
艾米特·水獭顿 就是这位  Emmitt Otterton. Right here.
他曾经是这里的常客  He may have frequented this establishment?
没错 老艾米特  Yeah, old Emmitt!
好几周没见到他了  Haven't seen him in a couple of weeks.
但是 你应该问问他的瑜伽教练  But hey, you should talk to his yoga instructor.
我很乐意带你们到后面去  I'd be happy to take you back.
非常感谢  Oh, thank you so much,
真是非常非常感谢你 这真是  I'd appericiate that more than you can imagine, it'd be such...
你没穿衣服  Oh! You are naked..
当然 我们这里是自然主义俱乐部  Oh, for sure. We're a naturalist club!
没错 在动物城谁都能成就无限可能  Yeah. In Zootopia anyone can be anything.
这些人 他们就喜欢裸体  These guys, they be naked.
南吉就在欢乐池的另一边  Nangi's just on the other side of the Pleasure Pool.
天啊 这里让你觉得别扭吗  Oh boy. Does this make you uncomfortable?
你要是怕羞的话 现在放弃还来得及  Because if so, there's no shame in calling it quits.
我不会放弃的  Yes, there is.
还真有干劲儿  Boy, that's the spirit.
没错 有些哺乳动物认为自然主义很奇怪  Yeah, some mammals say the naturalist life is weird.
可你知道我觉得什么奇怪吗  But you know what I say is weird?
动物穿着衣服才奇怪呢 我们到了  Clothes on animals! Here we go!
你们也看到了 南吉是头大象  As you can see, Nangi is an elephant,
所以她一定会记得所有细节  so she'll totally remember everything.
南吉  Hey, Nangi.
他们要问你几个水獭艾米特的问题  These dudes have some questions about Emmitt the otter.
谁  Who?
艾米特·水獭顿  Emmitt Otterton.
他上你的瑜伽课上了六年了  Been coming to your yoga class for like six years.
我不记得这只河狸  I have no memory of this beaver.
其实他是只水獭  He's an otter, actually.
他几周前的周三来过 记得吗  He was here a couple of Wednesdays ago. Remember?
不记得  No.
他穿了一件绿色的针织毛衣背心  Yeah, he was wearing a green cable knit sweater vest,
还有一条新买的夸特卫宽松裤  and a new pair of Quarterway slacks.
还系了条佩斯利花纹领带 漂亮的温莎结  Oh, and a Paisley tie, sweet Windsor knot.
领带很紧 记得吗 南吉  不记得  Real tight. Remember that, Nangi?  No.
咱俩一块送他出去的  Yeah, and we both walked him out,
然后他上了一辆带银边的老式白车  and he got into this big old white car with a silver trim.
那车该送修了  Needed a tune up.
第三个汽缸都不打火了 记得吗 南吉  The third cylinder wasn't firing. Remember that, Nangi?
不记得  No.
你不会恰好记得车牌号码吧  You didn't happen to catch the licence plate number?
记得吗  当然  Did you?  Oh, for sure.
车牌是29THD03  It was 2 9 T H D 0 3.
03 这些信息非常有用 谢谢  0 3. Wow, this is a lot of great info. Thank you.
我就说过 南吉的记性好的很  Told you Nangi has a mind like a steel trap.
真希望我也能有大象这么好的记忆力  I wish I had a memory like an elephant.
我玩的很开心 不用感谢我给的线索  Well, I had a ball. You are welcome for the clue.
既然傻瓜都能查车牌  And seeing as any moron can run a plate,
那么我就拿上笔跟你道别了  I will take that pen and bid you adieu.
车牌 我查不了车牌号  The plate. I can't run a plate.
我还进不了电脑系统  I'm not in the system yet.
请把笔给我  你刚才说什么  Give me the pen, please.  What was it you said?
傻瓜都能查车牌号  Any moron can run a plate?
要是这里有个傻瓜  Gosh, if only there were a moron around
能够代劳就好了  who were up to the task.
兔子 我已经照你说的做了  Rabbit, I did what you asked.
你不能永远抓着我不放  You can't keep me on the hook forever.
不会永远的  Not forever.
我只剩36个小时来破案了  Well, I only have 36 hours left to solve this case.
你到底能不能查车牌号  So can you run the plate or not?
我刚想起来 我有个朋友在车管所工作  Actually, I just remembered, I have a pal at the DMV.
闪电是这里最快的家伙  Flash is the fastest guy in there.
你要办事 找他就对了  You need something done, he's on it.
希望如此  I hope so.
我们的时间真的很紧 每一分钟都很重要  We are really fighting the clock and every minute counts.
等等 他们全都是树獭吗  Wait. They're all sloths?
你说会很快的  You said this was going to be quick!
怎么 就因为他是树獭  What, are you saying just because he's a sloth
他就快不起来吗  he can't be fast?
我以为谁都能成就无限可能  I thought in Zootopia anyone could be anything.
闪电 闪电 好久不见  Flash, Flash, Hundred Yard Dash!
哥们 见到你真高兴  Buddy, it's nice to see you.
我也 很高兴 见到你  Nice to... see you... too.
闪电 给你介绍一下我的朋友  Hey, Flash, I'd love you to meet my friend.
亲爱的 我忘了你叫什么名字了  Ah... Darlin, I've forgotten your name.
我是动物城朱迪·霍普斯警官 你好吗  Officer Judy Hopps, ZPD. How are you?
我  I am...
过得  doing... just..
挺好  还 不错  Fine?  As well..as..I can..be...
有什么  坚持住  What...  Hang in there.
可以  我希望你可以帮我查一个车牌  can I...do...  Well, I was hoping you could run a plate...
帮你  我希望你可以  for you...  Well, I was hoping you could...
的吗  ...today?
我希望你可以帮我们查一个车牌号码  Well, I was hoping you could run a plate for us.
我们真的很着急  We are in a really big hurry.
当然 车牌号码 是  29T  Sure... What's the...plate...  2 9 T...
什么  29THD03  number?  2 9 T H D 0 3.
29  THD03
T  HD03
H  D03
D  03
0  3
闪电 想听个笑话吗  不要  Hey, Flash. Wanna hear a joke?  No!
好啊  Sure.
骆驼为什么会有三个驼峰  What do you call a threehumped camel?
我不知道 骆驼为什么  I don't know. What do you call...
有三个驼峰  会 有 三个驼峰  Three humped camel.  A threehumped...camel?
怀孕了  Pregnant.
哈哈 没错 很好笑 很好笑  Ha ha. Yes, very funny, very funny!
我们能不能认真工作  Can we please just focus on the task?
等等 等等  Wait, wait!
普莉希拉  不  Priscilla!  Oh, no!
什么事 闪电  骆驼  Yes...Flash?  What...do..
不  为什么会有  No...  you call...
三个驼峰  A three humped camel?
怀孕了 好了 棒极了 我们知道了  Pregnant! Okay! Great! We got it!
求求你  三个驼峰  Please just...  three...humped...
给  好的 好的 快 谢谢  Here...you...  Yes! Yeah, yeah! Hurry, thank you!
29THD03  你  2 9 T H D 0 3.  go.
注册在冰原镇豪华轿车服务公司  It's registered to Tundratown Limo Service.
水獭顿坐豪华轿车走了 这辆车在冰原镇  A limo took Otterton! And the limo's in Tundratown!
就在冰原镇  It's in Tundratown!
好个智取 哥们 我爱你 我欠你的  Way to hustle, bud. I love you. I owe you.
快走 我们得赶在晚高峰期前  Hurry! We gotta beat the rush hour and...
已经是晚上了  It's night?!
锁门了 棒极了  Closed. Great.
该死 真是扫兴  你故意耽误了我一天  Darn it. It's a bummer.  You wasted the day on purpose.
女士 我戴着假警徽  Ma'am, I have a fake badge.
我绝不会妨碍你假装调查的  I would never impede your pretend investigation.
这不是假装调查  It's not a pretend investigation!
看 看到他了吗 这只水獭失踪了  Look, see? See him? This otter is missing.
那他们应该派个真警察去找他  Well, then they should have gotten a real cop to find him.
你什么毛病 看到我失败  What is your problem? Does seeing me fail
能让你对自己悲哀的生活感觉好些吗  somehow make you feel better about your own sad, miserable life?
是的 当然了  It does, 100 %.
既然 你没有搜索令  Now, since you're sans warrant.
那咱们两清了吧  I guess we're done?
好吧 两清了 给你笔  Fine. We are done. Here's your pen.
首先 你扔东西的动作真像兔子  First off, you throw like a bunny.
其次 你真是个输不起的家伙  Second, you're a very sore loser.
回头见了 毛茸茸警官 可惜都结束了  See you later, Officer Fluff. So sad this is over.
真希望能多帮上你点忙  I wish I could have helped more.
事实上  The thing is,
如果有正当的理由 就不需要搜查令  you don't need a warrant if you have probable cause,
我非常确定我见到了  and I'm pretty sure I saw a...
一只形迹可疑的家伙翻过了栅栏  shifty lowlife climbing the fence.
所以你还真帮了不少忙 走吧  So you're helping plenty! Come on!
29THD03 就是这辆了  2 9 T H D 0 3! This is it!
北极熊毛  Polar bear fur.
天啊  什么 怎么了  Oh my God!  What? What?
杰里·沃尔的专辑  The Velvety Pipes of Jerry Vole!
可惜是CD 现在谁还听CD啊  But on CD. Who still uses CDs?
萝卜头 如果水獭来过这儿 那他可能吃了点苦  Carrots, if your otter was here, he had a very bad day.
那些是爪痕  Those are claw marks.
你见过这样的情况吗  You ever seen anything like this?
没有  等下 看  No.  Oh, wait. Look!
是他 艾米特·水獭顿 他肯定来过这儿  This is him. Emmitt Otterton. He was definitely here.
你觉得出了什么事  What do you think happened?
不好 等一下 北极熊毛  Oh no, wait a minute. Polar bear fur...
鼠帮音乐 高档杯子  Rat pack music. Fancy cup.
我知道这是谁的车了 赶快走  I know whose car this is, we gotta go!
什么 是谁的车  What? Whose car is it?
冰原镇里最可怕的黑帮老大  The most feared crime boss in Tundratown.
他叫大先生  They call him Mr. Big,
而且他不喜欢我 所以我们快走吧  and he does not like me. So we gotta go!
我不走 这是犯罪现场  I'm not leaving, this is a crime scene.
要是大先生发现我在这儿  Well, it's gonna be an even bigger crime scene...
这里就会变成更惨的犯罪现场  if Mr. Big finds me here,
马上走  so we're leaving right now.
雷蒙德 那是凯文吧 好久不见  Raymond! And is that Kevin? Long time, no see.
看在好久不见的份上 你们就当没见过我行吗  And speaking of no see, how about you forget you saw me?
看在往日的情面上  For old times sake?
看来没戏  That's a no.
你做了什么 让大先生这么生气  What did you do that made Mr. Big so mad at you?
可能是因为我曾经卖给他一块昂贵的壁毯  I, uh... I may have sold him a very expensive wall rug
其实是用臭鼬屁股上的毛做的  that was made from the fur of a skunk's butt.
我的天啊  Oh, sweet cheese 'n crackers.
那是大先生吗  不  Is that Mr. Big?  No.
那他呢 是他吗  不是  What about him? Is that him?  No.
这回肯定是他  别说了  That's gotta be him.  Stop talking.
别说了 别说了  Stop talking. Stop talking!
大先生 这只是一次单纯的误会  Mr. Big, sir, this is a simple misunder...
好  Yeah.
这只是一次单纯的误会而已  This is a simple misunderstanding.
我女儿结婚这天  You come here unannounced
你不请自来  on the day my daughter is to be married.
其实 我们是被人强行带到这儿的 所以  Well, actually, we were brought here against our will, so...
关键是 我之前不知道那是您的车  Point is, I did not know that it was your car,
我也不知道您女儿要结婚  and I certainly did not know about your daughter's wedding!
我信任过你 尼克  I trusted you, Nicky.
我邀请你来我家  I welcomed you into my home.
我们还共进晚餐  We broke bread together.
奶奶给你做了奶油煎饼卷  Grandmama made you a cannoli.
结果你怎么报答我的好意的  And how did you repay my generosity?
拿一块臭鼬屁股毛做的毯子报答我  With a rug made from the butt of a skunk.
臭鼬屁股毛皮做的毯子  A skunk butt rug.
你不尊重我  You disrespected me.
你不尊重我奶奶  You disrespected my grandmama,
我用那块臭鼬屁股毛皮毯子埋葬了她  who I buried in that skunk butt rug.
我告诉过你 不准再到这儿来了  I told you never to show your face here again,
但你还是来了  but here you are.
贼眉鼠眼地 跟这个  Snooping around with this...
你是干什么的 演员吗 穿成那样干什么  What are you? A performer? What's with the costume?
先生 我是警...  哑剧演员  Sir, I am a co...  Mime!
她是哑剧演员 哑剧演员不能说话  She's a mime. This mime can not speak.
你是哑剧演员 你不能说话  不 我是警察  You can't speak if you're a mime.  No, I am a cop.
我在查艾米特·水獭顿案  And I'm on the Emmitt Otterton case.
线索指向了你的车  And my evidence puts him in your car!
随便你怎么威胁我  So intimidate me all you want,
就算这是我这辈子做的最后一件事  I'm going to find out what you did to that otter
我也要查出你把水獭怎么样了  if it's the last thing I do.
那我就只剩一个请求了  Then I have only one request.
替我向奶奶问好  Say hello to Grandmama.
办了他们  Ice 'em!
不不不 我什么也没看见 我绝不说出去  No, no, no. I didn't see nothing! I'm not saying nothing!
你不会有机会了  And you never will.
求求你 别别别  Please! No, no, no, no!
你要是因为毯子生我的气 我还有更多毯子  If you're mad at me about the rug, I've got more rugs!
爸爸 我们该跳舞了  Daddy! It's time for our dance!
我们说好的 我结婚的日子不要杀人  What did we say? No icing anyone at my wedding!
我不得不这么做 宝贝 爸爸也无奈  I have to, baby, daddy has to.
动手  不不不  Ice 'em.  No, no, no!
等下 等下  Wait, wait!
她就是昨天救我一命的兔子！  She's the bunny that saved my life yesterday!
帮我挡了个大甜甜圈  From that giant donut!
就是这只兔子？  对 你好  This bunny?  Yeah. Hi!
你好 我喜欢你的裙子  谢谢  Hi. I love your dress.  Thank you.
放下他们  Put them down.
你帮了我大忙  You've done me a great service.
我会帮你找到水獭  I will help you find the otter.
我收下你的善意 算是以德报德  I will take your kindness, and pay it forward.
水獭顿是我的花匠 他就像我的家人  Otterton is my florist. He's like a part of the family.
他说有重要的事想跟我商量  He had something important he wanted to discuss.
所以我派那辆车去接他  That's why I sent that car to pick him up.
但他没能来  But he never arrived.
因为他被袭击了  Because he was attacked.
不 是他袭击别人  No, he attacked.
水獭顿吗  Otterton?
就是水獭顿  Otterton.
他发疯了 砸了我的车  He went crazy. Ripped up the car.
把我的司机吓得半死  Scared my driver half to death.
然后消失在夜色中  And disappeared into the night.
可他是一只可爱的水獭  But he's a sweet little otter.
孩子 就算我们进化了  My child, we may be evolved,
但骨子里还是动物  but deep down we are still animals.
你想找到水獭顿 就去跟司机谈谈  You wanna find Otterton, talk to the driver of the car.
他叫曼查斯 住在热带雨林区  His name is Manchas. Lives in the Rainforest District.
只有他能告诉你更多消息  Only he can tell you more.
曼查斯先生  Mr. Manchas?
我是警局的朱迪·霍普斯  Judy Hopps, ZPD.
我们想知道艾米特·水獭顿遭遇了什么  We just wanna know what happened to Emmitt Otterton.
你应该问我遭遇了什么  You should be asking what happened to me.
这是一只小水獭干的  发生什么了  A teensy otter did that?  What happened?
他兽性大发  He was an animal.
四爪并用  Down on all fours.
他就是只野兽  He was a savage!
毫无预兆  There was no warning.
他一直喊着 午夜嚎叫  He just kept yelling about the Night Howlers.
一遍又一遍地喊 午夜嚎叫  Over and over, the Night Howlers!
你也知道 午夜嚎叫  So you know about the Night Howlers too?
很好 因为我们来这儿  Good, good. Because the Night Howlers are exactly
就是想跟你谈谈 午夜嚎叫 是不是  what we are here to talk about. Right?
对 麻烦你开门 告诉我们你知道什么  Yep, so you just open the door and tell us what you know,
我们也把我们知道的告诉你  and we will tell you what we know.
好不好  Okay?
好吧  Okay.
聪明的狐狸  Clever fox.
曼查斯先生  Mr. Manchas?
你没事吧  Are you okay?
跑 快跑  Run. Run!
他怎么了  我不知道  What is wrong with him?!  I don't know!
跳  Jump!
快跑  Come on!
低头  Head down!
霍普斯警官呼叫  Officer Hopps to dispatch!
你知道夏奇羚吗  Are you familiar with Gazelle?
我们时代最伟大的歌手 长角的天使  Greatest singer of our lifetime. Angel with horns.
接着看 继续看  Okay, hold on. Keep watching.
看她旁边那是谁 是谁  Who's that beside her? Who is it?
你跳得真棒 本杰明·爪豪斯  Wow,You are one hot dancer, Benjamin Clawhauser.
是我 你觉得是真的吗 看起来真像  It's me! Did you think it was real? It looks so real!
其实不是 只是个新APP而已  It's not, it's just a new app.
等一下  爪豪斯  Hold on a second.  Clawhauser!
爪豪斯 听我说  Clawhauser, listen to me.
有危险 美洲豹兽性大发  We have a 10 91! Jaguar gone savage!
藤蔓和图军加街口  是图洪加  Vine and Tujunga!  It's Tuhunga!
好的 我们马上增援  Okay, we're sending backup!
霍普斯 霍普斯  Hopps, Hopps!
看 那边 往缆车那儿跑  Look, over there! Head for the sky trams!
进去 萝卜头 萝卜头  Get in. Carrots? Carrots!
快跑  Go!
哥们 咱食肉动物说句心里话  Buddy, one predator to another.
我能看出你有点紧张  Now I can tell you're a little tense,
我就先给你留点私人空间  so I'm just gonna give you a little personal space!
兔子 不管你干什么 都别松手  Rabbit, whatever you do, do not let go!
我要松手了  你要干什么  I'm gonna let go!  You're gonna to what?
一 二  One, two...
兔子  Rabbit!
萝卜头 你救了我的命  Carrots, you saved my life.
这是我们警察应该做的  Well, that's what we do at the ZPD...
看你还有什么说的  Well, this should be good.
我以为只是一起哺乳动物失踪案  I thought this was just a missing mammal case,
可其实要复杂得多  but it's way bigger.
水獭顿先生不仅仅是失踪了  Mr. Otterton did not just disappear.
我认为他和这只美洲豹 他们  I believe he and this jaguar, they...
他们野性大发了 长官  They went savage, sir.
野性大发？现在看不是石器时代了 霍普斯  Savage? This isn't the stone age, Hopps.
动物们不会自己野性大发  Animals don't go savage.
我之前也这么想  I thought so too.
但我看到了这个  Till I saw this.
什么  What?
他明明就在这儿  He was right here!
野性大发的美洲豹  The savage jaguar?
长官 我知道自己看到了什么 他差点杀了我们  Sir, I know what I saw. He almost killed us!
也许在兔子眼里  Or maybe any aggressive predator
食肉动物都算野性未除的  looks savage to rabbits?
走吧  Let's go!
等等 长官  Wait! Sir!
我不是唯一的目击者  I'm not the only one who saw him.
尼克  Nick.
你以为我会相信一只狐狸？  You think I'm gonna believe a fox?
他是关键目击证人 我  Well, he was a key witness, and I...
两天时间找到水獭 不然你就辞职  Two days to find the otter, or you quit.
我们说好的  That was the deal.
警徽  Badge.
但是长官 我们  警徽  But, sir, we had...  Badge!
住手  Uh, no.
你说什么 狐狸  What did you say, fox?
抱歉 我说"住手"  Sorry, what I said was "No...".
她不应该把警徽交给你  She will not be giving you that badge.
你看 你给了她一件小丑背心和一辆搞笑的三轮车  Look, you gave her a clown vest, and a threewheeled jokemobile,
给她两天时间  and two days to solve a case
让她解决一件你们两周都没破的案子  you guys haven't cracked in two weeks?
怪不得她会找狐狸帮忙  Yeah, it's no wonder she needed to get help from a fox.
你们没人会帮她 是不是  None of you guys were gonna help her, were you?
这样 头儿  Here's the thing, chief.
你给她48小时 所以严格来说我们还剩下  You gave her the 48 hours, so technically we still have...
10小时找到水獭顿先生  ten left to find our Mr. Otterton.
而且我们肯定会找到他的  And that's exactly what we're gonna do.
所以 失陪了  So if you'll excuse us,
我们要追查重大线索 还有案子要破  we have a very big lead to follow and a case to crack.
再见  Good day.
霍普斯警官  Officer Hopps.
谢谢  Thank you.
别让他们看到你的眼泪  Never let them see that they get to you.
这么说  So...
你之前也被伤过心么？  Things do get to you?
现在不会了  I mean not, not anymore.
但我曾像你一样弱小  But I was small and emotionally unbalanced
情绪失控  like you once.
是吗  不 真的  Har har.  No, it's true.
我当时大概八九岁  I think I was 8, or maybe 9...
我一心想  And all I wanted to do
加入童子军  was join the Junior Ranger Scouts.
所以我妈妈努力存够了钱  So my mom scaped together enough money
给我买了一身崭新的制服  to buy me a brand new uniform.
因为我一定要融入进去  Because, by god, I was gonna fit in.
尼克  Hey, Nick.
我要成为童子军中的一员  I was gonna be part of a pack.
准备好加入了吗  当然 早就准备好了  Ready for initiation?  Yeah. Pretty much born ready.
我十分地骄傲  I was so proud.
举起你的右爪 宣读誓言  Okay. Now raise your right paw, and deliver the oath.
我 尼古拉斯·王尔德 在此起誓  I, Nicholas Wilde, promise to be brave,
我将勇敢忠诚 热心可靠  loyal, helpful and trustworthy.
可你是只狐狸  Even though you're a fox?
什么  What?
不 我做错什么了 各位  No, no! What did I do wrong, you guys?
拜托 我做错了什么了 我干什么了  No, please! What did I do wrong? What did I do?
你以为我们会相信一只没戴嘴套的狐狸  If you thought we would ever trust a fox without a muzzle?
你蠢透了  You're even dumber than you look.
他是要哭了吗  Is he gonna cry?
那天我学到了两件事  I learned two things that day.
我绝不让别人看到我弱小脆弱的一面  One,I was never gonna let anyone see that they got to me.
还有一个呢  And two?
如果整个世界  If the world's only gonna
都觉得狐狸奸诈狡猾  see a fox as shifty and untrustworthy...
那我也没必要变成别的样子了  There's no point in trying to be anything else.
尼克 你不是这样的人  Nick, you are so much more than that.
天哪 瞧瞧下面堵成什么样了  Boy, look at that traffic down there.
问问交通指挥中心的查克怎么样  How about we go up to Chuck in traffic central?
查克 交通探头显示情况如何  Chuck, how are things looking on the jam cams?
尼克 我很高兴你告诉了我  Nick, I'm glad you told me.
交通探头  The jam cams...
真的 你别难过了  不不不  Seriously, it's okay.  No, no no!
这里到处都是交通探头摄像头 树冠上也是  There are traffic cameras everywhere. All over the canopy!
不管那只豹子去了哪里  Whatever happened to that jaguar...
交通探头都应该拍得到  The traffic cameras would have caught it!
真棒  哈哈 很狡猾哎 小狐狸  Bingo!  Hoho! Pretty sneaky, slick!
但是 你之前都没法查车牌  However, if you didn't have access to the system before,
恐怕现在倔牛局长也不会给你查  I doubt chief Buffalo Butt is gonna let you into it now.
确实 不过我市政厅有个朋友也许可以  No. But I have a friend at City Hall who might.
先生 能请您看一下这些重要的账单吗  Sir, if we could just review these very important billings.
先生 抱歉 先生  Sir! Oh, I'm sorry. Sir.
好了 我听到了 头羊  Okay! I heard you, Bellwether,
你处理就行了  just take care of it!
拜托 取消我下午的日程 我要出去  Please. And clear my afternoon, I'm going out.
但是 先生  Oh, no, no.
你还约了牧群总局呢  But, sir, you do have a meeting with Herds and Gradings.
先生 您能不能  Sir, that's just, oh...
这都什么事儿啊  Oh, mutton chops.
头羊副市长 我们需要你的帮助  Assistant Mayor Bellwether, we need your help.
我们需要进入交通探头的数据库  we just need to get into the traffic cam database.
太舒服了  So fluffy!
羊从来不让我靠这么近的  Sheep never let me get this close!
别这么摸人家的毛  You can't just touch a sheep's wool!
像棉花糖一样  住手  It's like cotton candy.  Stop it!
查哪里的？  Where to?
雨林区 藤蔓和图洪加街口  Rainforest Dsitrict. Vine and Tujunga.
这真叫人兴奋 你知道么  This is so exiting actually. I mean, well, you know.
我还从来没干过这么重要的事呢  I never get to do anything this important.
但你可是动物城的副市长啊  But you're the assistant mayor of Zootopia.
其实就是个高级秘书  I'm more of a glorified secretary.
我觉得狮心市长只是为了拉来绵羊的选票  I think Mayor Lionheart just wanted the sheep vote.
但他给了我那个漂亮的咖啡杯呢  But he did give me that nice mug.
被人认可的感觉还是很好的  Feels good to be appreciated.
小绵羊  Smellwether!
他总是爱这么叫我  That's a fun little name he likes to use.
我叫过他一次金毛狮王 他还不乐意呢  I called him Lionfart once, he did not care for that.
跟你说 那天我可倒了大霉  Let me tell you, it was not a good day for me.
是 先生  我说过要取消下午的日程  Yes, sir.  I thought you were gonna cancel my afternoon.
天哪 我得走了 找到什么告诉我  Oh, dear. I better go. Let me know what you find.
真的很高兴能  It was really nice for me to be...
快点 小绵羊  While we're young, Smellwether.
你觉得她睡觉时 会数自己吗  You think when she goes to sleep she counts herself?
闭嘴 好的 交通探头  Shush. Okay, traffic cams..
进去了  We're in.
他们是谁呀  森林狼  Who are these guys?  Timberwolves.
瞧瞧这些白痴  Look at these dum dums.
赌一毛钱他们要嚎叫了  Bet you a nickel one of them's gonna howl.
你看吧  And there it is.
你就说狼为什么非要嚎叫呢  I mean, what is it with wolves and the howling, it's...?
狼嚎 午夜嚎叫  Howlings! Night Howlers!
曼查斯怕的就是这个  That's what Manchas was afraid of,
狼群 午夜嚎叫指的就是狼群  wolves! The wolves are the Night Howlers!
如果曼查斯是他们带走的  If they took Manchas...
带走水獭顿的也是他们  I bet they took Otterton too.
只要找到他们去了哪就可以了  All we gotta do is find out where they went.
等等 他们去哪了  Wait, where'd they go?
当然我没干过这种事 我会走6B通道  which I never have, I would use the maintenance tunnel 6B.
他们的出口 就在这里  Which would put them out... right there.
你真行 小侦探  Well, look at you, junior detective.
知道么 我觉得你能当个好警察  You know, I think you'd actually make a pretty good cop.
别损我了  How dare you.
金合欢小巷 无花果隧道  Acacia Alley. Ficus Underpass.
南部峡谷  South canyon.
他们是要出城  They're heading out of town.
哪条路通往哪里  Where does that road go?
加里 别叫 你要引得大家都叫起来了  Gary, quit it! You're gonna start a howl!
不是我先叫的  I didn't start it.
快走  Come on.
你真是只聪明的小兔子  You are a clever bunny.
看来以前这是所医院  It looks like this was a hospital.
还是你先 你是警察嘛  You know, after you, you're the cop.
好的 安全  Okay, all clear.
这里的设备都是新的  All this equipment is brand new.
萝卜头  Carrots.
爪痕  Claw marks.
好大好大的爪痕 是什么  Yeah, huge, huge claw marks. What kind of...
曼查斯先生  Mr. Manchas.
是他 找到水獭了  It's him! We found our otter.
水獭顿先生 我是朱迪·霍普斯警官  Mr. Otterton, my name is Officer Judy Hopps.
是你妻子让我来找你的  Your wife sent me to find you.
我们现在就救你出去  We're gonna get you out of here now.
算了吧  Or not.
我看他不急着回家见老婆  Guess he's in no rush to get home to the missus.
十一 十二 十三 十四  11, 12, 13, 14.
不算曼查斯的话有14个  Not including Manchas, it's... it's fourteen.
牛局长说有14起失踪动物案件  Chief Bogo handed out 14 missing mammal files.
他们都在这儿  They're all here...
所有失踪动物都在这儿  All the missing mammals are right here.
够了  Enough!
我不要借口 医生 我要的是结果  I don't want excuses, doctor, I want answers.
狮心市长 拜托 我们已经尽力了  Mayor Lionheart, please. We're doing everything we can.
是吗  Really?
我面前有一群  Cause I got a dozen and a half animals here
发了疯的动物  who've gone off the rails crazy,
而你连原因都不知道  and you can't tell me why.
我觉得这离尽力还差得远呢  Now I'd call that awfully far from doing everything!
先生 也许该考虑一下他们的动物本性  Sir, it may be time to consider their biology.
什么 什么动物本性  What? What do you mean "Biology"?
野性大发的全都是食肉动物  The only animals going savage are predators.
这事不能隐瞒 我们必须公之于众  We cannot keep it a secret. We need to come forward.
好主意 公之于众  Hm, great idea. Tell the public.
你觉得他们会  And how do you think they're
怎么想他们的狮子市长  gonna feel about their mayor who is a lion?!
我就毁了  那牛局长怎么说  I'll be ruined!  Well, what does Chief Bogo say?
牛警长还不知道  Chief Bogo doesn't know.
我们也不会让他知道  And we are going to keep it that way.
糟糕  Oh, no!
有人在这儿  先生 你得走了 快  Someone's here.  Sir, you need to go. Now.
保安 清查本区  Security, sweep the area.
真好 这下死定了  Great, we're dead.
死了 结束 我得死你得死 大家都得死  We're dead. That's it. I'm dead. You're dead. Everybody's dead.
你会游泳吗  什么  Can you swim?  What?
会游泳吗 我会 所以呢  Can I swim? Yes, I can swim. Why?
萝卜头 霍普斯 朱迪  Carrots! Hopps! Judy!
我们得告诉牛局长  We gotta tell Bogo!
您的舞跳的真棒 牛局长  Wow, you are one hot dancer, Chief Bogo.
牛局长  我没空  Chief Bogo!  Not now.
等等 是夏奇羚的声音吗  不是  Wait, is that Gazelle?  No!
我是夏奇羚 你的舞跳的真棒  I'm Gazelle, and you are one hot dancer.
你也在玩那个应用吗 局长  You have the app too? Chief!
爪豪斯 你没看到  Clawhauser! Can't you see
我正在忙失踪动物案件吗  I'm working on the missing mammal cases?
是的 当然 说到那个案子 长官  Yes, of course. About that, sir.
霍普斯警官来了电话 14个她都找到了  Officer Hopps just called, she found all of them.
好厉害  Wow, I'm impressed.
狮心市长  Mayor Lionheart,
你有权保持沉默 但你所说的一切  you have the right to remain silent. Anything you...
你不理解 我是为了保护这个城市  You don't understand, I was trying to protect the city!
你只想保住你的位置  You were just trying to protect your job.
不 听着 我们还不知道这是怎么回事  No, listen. We still don't know why this is happening.
它会毁了动物城的  It could destroy Zootopia.
你有权保持沉默  You have the right to remain silent.
你说的每一句话  Anything you say can and
都将成为呈堂证供  will be used against you in a court of law.
女士们先生们  Ladies and gentlemammals,
失踪的14名动物现已全数找回  14 mammals went missing and all 14 have been found...
都是被这位新任警官找到的 她马上就会出来讲几句  by our newest recruit, who will speak to you in a moment.
我好紧张  记者会快速入门  I'm so nervous.  Okay, press conference 101.
想显得聪明点  You wanna look smart,
就要用自己的问题回答他们的问题  answer their question with your own question
然后再回答自己的问题  and then answer that question.
像这样 请问 霍普斯警官  Like this, "Excuse me, Officer Hopps.
这件案子你有什么可以透露的  What can you tell us about the case?"
这案子不简单吗 确实是 明白吗  "Well, was this a tough case? Yes, yes it was. You see?"
你应该跟我一起上台  You should be up there with me.
这是我们一起完成的  We did this together.
我是个警察吗 不 我不是  Well, am I a cop? No. No, I am not.
真巧你说到这了  Funny you should say that.
因为 我一直在想  Because, well, I've been thinking.
要是有个搭档就好了  It would be nice to have a partner.
给你 你需要支笔来填表  Here. In case you need something to write with.
霍普斯警官 到你了  Officer Hopps. It's time.
接下来 有请  So now, I'll turn things over to
破解本案的警官  the officer who cracked the case.
朱迪·霍普斯  Officer Judy Hopps.
请讲  Yes?
野性大发的动物您作何评论  What can you tell us about the animals that went savage?
这些动物都有点问题  Well, the animals in question.
他们都是不同种类的吗 没错  Are they all different species? Yes. Yes, they are.
好的 那有什么联系呢  Okay, so what is the connection?
我们只知道  All we know is that
他们都是食肉动物  they are all members of the predator family.
所以野性大发的只有食肉动物吗  So predators are the only ones going savage?
没错 确实如此 没错  That is accu.. Yes, that is accurate, yes.
为什么 怎么会出现这样的事  还不知道  Why? Why is this happening?  We still don't know.
但是  But, emm.
也许和动物的本性有关  It may have something to do with biology.
您说本性是什么意思  What do you mean, biology?
就是生物因素  A biological component.
在他们的DNA里  You know, something in their DNA.
他们的DNA 您能详细说一下吗  In their DNA, can you elaborate on that, please?
可以 我是说几千年以前  Yes. What I mean is thousands of years ago
食肉动物捕猎的本能  Eh, predators survived through their...
一直存在着  agressive hunting instincts.
不知为什么  For whatever reason,
他们好像回归了原始 野蛮的本性  they seem to be reverting back to their primitive, savage ways.
霍普斯警官 怎么会出现这样的事呢  Officer Hopps, could it happen again?
这是有可能的 所以我们需要警惕  It is possible. So, we must be vigilant.
警局随时准备  And we at the ZPD are prepered
我们会保护好大家  and are here to protect you.
会有更多动物野性大发吗  Will more mammals go savage?
您将采取何种措施保护市民  What is being done to protect us?
您会考虑强制隔离食肉动物吗  Have you considered a mandatory quarantine on predators?
谢谢 霍普斯警官  Okay, thank you, Officer Hopps.
时间到了 请不要再提问了  That's all the time that we have. No more questions.
我表现如何  讲得挺好  Was I okay?  Oh, you did fine.
时间太少了 我都没有机会介绍你  That went so fast, I didn't get a chance to
介绍我们的  mention you or say anything about how we...
你觉得你说的够多了  Oh, I think you said plenty.
什么意思  What do you mean?
你说和动物的本性有关  "Clearly there's a biological component?"
他们好像回归了原始  "These predators may be reverting
野蛮的本性  back to their primitive, savage ways?"
你开玩笑吗  Are you serious?
我只是陈述案件事实  I just stated the facts of the case.
兔子就不可能突然变野蛮  I mean, it's not like a bunny could go savage.
所以狐狸有这种可能  Right, but a fox could? Huh?
尼克 别这样 你跟他们不一样  Nick, stop it, you're not like them.
他们是指谁  Oh, there's a 'them' now?
我意思是 你不是那种食肉动物  You know what I mean, you're not that kind of predator.
要带上嘴套的那种吗  The kind that needs to be muzzled?
你需要随身携带防狐喷雾  The kind that makes you think
对付的那种吗  you need to carry around fox repellant?
第一次见面我就发现了  Yeah, don't think I didn't
你带着那瓶小东西  notice that little item the first time we met.
我问你个问题 你害怕我吗  Look. Let me ask you a question. Are you afraid of me?
你觉得我会发疯吗  Do you think I might go nuts?
我会野性大发吗  You think I might go savage?
我会不会吃了你  You think I might try to eat you?
早料到了  I knew it, huh.
还以为真有人会相信我呢  Just when I thought somebody actually believed in me, huh?
你还是别找食肉动物做搭档了  Probably best if you don't have a predator as a partner.
不 尼克 尼克  No, Nick. Nick!
霍普斯警官 那只食肉动物威胁你了吗  Officer Hopps, were you just threatened by that predator?
不 他是我朋友  No, he's my friend.
我们还能相信朋友么？  We can't even trust our own friends?
我没这么说 请让一让  That is not what I said. Please.
我们安全吗  有没有狐狸野性大发了  Are we safe?  Have any other foxes gone savage?
更多的恶性事件让全市陷入恐慌  More bad news in this city gripped by fear.
一头驯鹿目前生命垂危  A caribou is in critical condition.
起因是遭兽性大发的北极熊袭击  The victim of a mauling by a savage polar bear.
这是继警局的朱迪·霍普斯警官  This, the 27th such attack,
将暴力事件和食肉动物天性关联后  comes just one week after ZPD Officer,
一周以来发生的  Judy Hopps connected the
第27起同类案件  violence to traditionally predatory animals.
组织的和平集会遭到了强烈抵制  organized by popstar Gazelle was marred by protest.
滚回森林去 食肉动物  我是大草原来的  Go back to the forest, predator!  I am from the savannah.
动物城是个独特的地方  Zootopia is a unique place.
我们欣赏彼此的差异  Where we celebrate our differences.
这不是我所熟悉的动物城  This is not the Zootopia I know.
我热爱的动物城不应该是这样  The Zootopia I know is better than this.
大家不会彼此盲目指责  We don't just blindly assign blame.
虽然不知道这些攻击事件的原因  We don't know why these attacks keep happening.
但是把食肉动物都贴上野蛮的标签 是不负责任的  But it's irresponsible to label all predators as savages.
那不是我的艾米特  It's not my Emmitt.
我们不能因为恐惧而分裂彼此  We cannot let fear divide us.
请把我热爱的动物城还给我  Please give me back the Zootopia I love.
来吧 霍普斯 新市长要见我们  Come on, Hopps. The new mayor wants to see us.
新市长要见我 为什么  The mayor? Why?
你终于功成名就了  It would seem you've arrived.
爪豪斯 你在干嘛  Clawhauser? What are you doing?
他们说 市民来到警察局  They thought it would be better if a predator
一进门就看到像我这只食肉动物  such as myself wasn't the first face that you see
似乎不太好  when you walk into the ZPD.
什么  What?
他们把我调去档案室了 在楼下  They're gonna move me to records. It's downstairs.
锅炉房隔壁  It's by the boiler.
霍普斯  Hopps!
我不太明白  I don't understand.
我们市90%是食草动物 朱迪  Our city is 90 % prey, Judy,
他们现在都吓坏了  and right now they're just really scared.
你是他们的英雄 他们信任你  You're a hero to them. They trust you.
所以我和牛局长  And so that's why Chief Bogo
希望你来当警局的新形象代言人  and I want you to be the public face of the ZPD.
我不是 不是什么英雄  I'm... not... I'm not a hero.
我来到这里是想让世界更美好 但是  I came here to make the world a better place. But...
我搞砸了  ...I think I broke it.
别太难为自己了 霍普斯  Don't give yourself so much credit, Hopps.
世界一直都是一团糟 所以才需要好警察  The world has always been broken, that's why we need good cops.
正如你  Like you.
也许您说的对 长官  With all due respect, sir,
但好警察应该服务于民 保卫家园  a good cop is supposed to serve and protect.
团结人心而不是分裂大家  Help the city. Not tear it apart.
我配不上警徽  霍普斯  I don't deserve this badge.  Hopps.
朱迪 你付出那么多努力来到这里  Judy, you've worked so hard to get here.
这是你从小的梦想  It's what you've wanted since you were a kid.
别放弃啊  You can't quit.
谢谢你们给我的机会  Thank you for the opportunity.
一打胡萝卜 谢谢光临  A dozen carrots. Have a nice day.
走吧  Come on.
朱迪 厉害的朱迪  Hey there, Jude. Jude the Dude.
记得这个小名吗 你怎么了  Remember that one? How we doing?
我很好  一点都不好 你耷拉着耳朵呢  I'm fine.  You are not fine, your ears are droopy.
我居然妄想自己能改变世界  Why did I think I could make a difference?
因为你敢于尝试  Because you're a trier, that's why.
你从小就爱打破陈规  You've always been a trier.
我的确尝试过了  Oh, I tried.
结果让很多无辜的食肉动物生活更糟糕  And it made life so much worse for so many innocent predators.
也不是全部 说曹操曹操就到 正是时候  not all of them, though. Speak of the devil. Right on time.
那是吉迪恩·格雷吗  Is that Gideon Grey?
没错 就是他 我们一起做生意  Yeah, it sure is. We work with him now.
他是合作伙伴 要不是你让我们放下顾虑  He's our partner. And we never would have considered it,
我们也不会和他合作  说的对  had you not opened our minds.  That's right.
他现在是三窝区  I mean, kid's turned into one of
最棒的糕点师之一  the top pastry chefs in the tri burrows.
真是了不起啊  That's... That's really cool, you guys.
吉迪恩·格雷 真没想到  Gideon Grey. I'll be darned.
朱迪  Hey, Judy.
小时候我不懂事  I'd just like to say I'm sorry
我想向你道歉  for the way I behaved in my youth.
因为不自信 为了证明自己厉害  I had a lot of self doubt, and it manifested itself
才到处欺负人  in the form of unchecked rage and agression.
我真是个混蛋  I was a major jerk.
我有时候也有点混  Well, I know a thing or two about being a jerk.
这些饼是给你们的  Anyhow, I brought you all these pies.
当心 孩子们 别踩到 午夜嚎叫  Hey, kids! Don't you run through that midnicampum holicithias.
霍普斯先生 那可值钱了  Well, now. There's a fourdollar word, Mr. H.
我们家的人就叫它 午夜嚎叫  My family always just call them Night Howlers.
等等 你刚刚说什么  I'm sorry. What did you say?
他是说那些花儿 朱迪  Kid's talking about those flowers, Judy.
我种了用来驱虫的  I use them to keep the bugs off the produce,
但不能让小家伙们靠近它们  but I don't like the little ones going near them
不然就会像你特里叔叔那样  on acoount of what happened to your uncle Terry.
我们小时候 特里叔叔吃了一整朵  Yeah, Terry ate one whole when we were kids
结果就发疯了  and went completely nuts.
对着你妈妈乱咬一通  He bit the dickens out of your mother.
兔子也会变野蛮  A bunny can go savage.
野蛮？那倒不至于  Savage? Well, that's a strong word.
可真是疼死我了  But it did hurt like the devil.
当然疼  sure it did.
你手臂咬了个大洞 要我说就是野蛮  There's a sizable divot in your arm. I'd call that savage.
午夜嚎叫不是指狼 是指花儿  Night Howlers aren't wolves, they're flowers.
是花儿让食肉动物野性大发的  The flowers are making the predators go savage.
没错 我知道哪里搞错了  That's it! That's what I've been missing!
钥匙 钥匙 快给我  keys! Keys! Keys! Keys! Hurry, come on!
谢谢 我爱你们 拜拜  Thank you! I love you, bye!
你听懂她在说啥吗 邦妮  完全不懂  You catch any of that, Bon?  Not one bit.
你们也没懂 那我就宽心多了  That makes me feel a little bit better,
我以为她在说哪国鸟语呢  I thought she was talking in tongues or something.
谁啊  Who is it?
我得找到尼克 求你了  I need to find Nick. Please.
尼克  Nick?
尼克  Nick?
尼克  Nick.
午夜嚎叫 不是狼 是指一种有毒的花  Night Howlers aren't wolves, they're toxic flowers.
我觉得有人故意陷害食肉动物  I think someone is targetting predators on purpose
让他们野性大发  and making them go savage.
真有意思啊  Isn't that interesting?
等等 请别 我知道你不会原谅我了  Wait, please don't.. I know you'll never forgive me.
我不会怪你  And I don't blame you.
我也不会原谅我自己  I wouldn't forgive me either.
我太无知 又不负责任 还心胸狭窄  It was ignorant, and irresponsible, and small minded.
但食肉动物不该因为我的过失而受冤枉  But predators shouldn't suffer because of my mistakes.
我得弥补才行  I have to fix this.
可是没有你 我办不成  But I can't do it without you.
等我们忙完了  And... And after we're done...
你怎么恨我  you can hate me. And...
都没关系  And that'll be fine.
因为我是个差劲的朋友 又伤害了你  Because I was a horrible friend and I hurt you.
你可以调头就走 都可以  And you can walk away knowing that you were right. All along.
我真是只笨兔子  I really am just a dumb bunny.
我真是只笨兔子  I really am just a dumb bunny.
我真是只笨兔子  I really am just a dumb bunny.
别担心 萝卜头 我会抹掉的 给你48小时  Don't worry, Carrots, I'll let you erase it. In 48 hours.
好了 过来吧  All right, get in here.
你们兔子啊 动不动就哭  Okay. Oh, you bunnies. You're so emotional.
好了 深呼吸  There we go, deep breath.
你该不是要偷这支笔吧  Are you Are you just trying to steal the pen?
说中了吗  Is that what this is?
你踩到我尾巴了 快挪开  对不起  You are standing on my tail, though. Off, off!  I'm sorry.
我以为你们只种胡萝卜呢  I thought you guys only grew carrots.
有什么计划  我们去追踪 午夜嚎叫  What's your plan?  We are gonna follow the Night Howlers.
行 怎么追  Okay, how?
认识他吗  跟你说了 我谁都认识  Know this guy?  I told you, I know everybody.
走过路过 不要错过  hello! Step right up.
应有尽有 只管开口  Anything you need, I got it.
没上映的都有  I've got movies that haven't even been released yet.
八五折 八折  15 % off. 20!
你开价 别走啊  Make me an offer. Come on!
瞧瞧 这是谁啊 盗版公爵  look who it is, the Duke of Bootleg.
你来干嘛 王尔德  What's it to you, Wilde?
不用捣鼓爪子冰棒了吗  Shouldn't you be melting down a Pawpsicle or something?
这不是兔兔警官吗  if it isn't flopsy the copsie.
我们已经知道了 你偷的根本不是洋葱  We both know those weren't only onions I caught you stealing.
你要午夜嚎叫干什么 黄鼠狼  What were you gonna do with those Night Howlers, Weselton?
是黄鼠狼 黄鼠狼公爵 我才不告诉你呢 兔子  It's Weaselton, Duke Weaselton. And I ain't talking, rabbit.
你能逼我还是怎么着  And there ain't nothing you can do to make me.
办了他  Ice him.
死耗子 干嘛帮她 她是警察  You dirty rat, why are you helping her? She's a cop!
她还是我未来外孙女的教母  And the godmother to my future granddaughter.
我打算叫她朱迪  I'm gonna name her Judy.
办了这只黄鼠狼  Ice this weasel.
不要 求你了 我什么都说  All right, all right! Please! I'll talk. I'll talk.
我偷午夜嚎叫是为了卖钱  I stole the Night Howlers so I could sell them.
他们开的价我实在没法拒绝  They offered me what I couldn't refuse: Money.
你把那些花儿卖给谁了  And to whom did you sell them?
公羊道格  A ram named Doug.
我们在地下有个交易点  We got a drop spot underground.
他一点都不友好  He's unfriendly.
来吧  Come on.
黄鼠狼没骗我  The weasel wasn't lying.
道格垄断了整个午夜嚎叫的市场  Yeah,it looks like old Doug's cornered the market on Night Howlers.
我是道格 目标是谁  You got Doug here. What's the mark?
撒哈拉广场的猎豹 知道了  Cheetah in Sahara Square. Got it.
什么 我知道他们很快 但我能打中的  Serious? Yeah, I know they're fast, I can hit him.
一只坐在车里的小小水獭  Listen, I hit a tiny little otter
我都能穿过车窗打中  through the open window of a moving car.
事成之后我通知你  Yeah, I'll buzz you when it's done.
或者你直接看新闻  Or you'll see it on the news.
看哪个先来吧  You know, whichever comes first.
道格 开门 拿铁买来了  Hey, Doug, open up! We've got your latte.
沃尔特和杰西回来了  All right, Woolter and Jesse are back,
我要出门 挂了  so I'm leaving now. Out.
你要去哪里  Hey. Wait, where you going?
你要去哪里 回来  Where are you going? Get back here!
你要干嘛 你会被逮到的  What are you doing? He's gonna see you!
你在看什么  What are you looking at? Hey!
不管你在想什么 别乱来  Whatever you're thinking, stop thinking it.
萝卜头 萝卜头  Carrots. Carrots.
这次让他多加奶泡了吧  You better have the extra foam this time.
开门  Hey! Open up!
你要干嘛 你把我们困在这里了  What are you doing? You just trapped us in here!
我们要把这些证据送到警局  We need to get this evidence to the ZPD.
装好了 走吧  不 是所有的  Okay, great. Here it is. Got it.  No, all of it.
什么  Wait, what?
好吧 你都会开火车了啊  Oh, great, you're a conductor now, huh?
听我说  Hey. Listen.
要启动这堆废铁 除非奇迹发生  It would take a miracle to get this rustbucket going.
好吧 哈利路亚  Well. Hallelujah.
实验室这里出了点状况 是大麻烦  We kinda got a situation at the lab. It just got worse!
任务完成  Mission accomplished.
现在嘟嘟鸣笛庆祝会不会有点早  Would it be premature for me to do a little victory toot toot?
好吧 就嘟一下  All right. One toot toot.
又一个愿望完成了  Well, I can cross that off the bucket list.
那胜利的嘟嘟还是取消吧  I may have to rescind that victory toot toot.
也许只是下冰雹了  Maybe that's just hail.
走开  Back off!
来了  Incoming!
萝卜头  别刹车  Carrots!  Don't stop! Keep going.
不 快刹车  No, stop. Please stop!
绝对不要刹车  Do not stop this car!
加快速度 尼克  Speed up, Nick. Speed up!
对面有另一辆列车  There's another train coming!
相信我 加速  Trust me, speed up.
停车  Stop the train!
要帮忙吗  Hey. Need some help?
天啊 太快了 稳住  Oh, no. Oh, no no no. Too fast! Too fast! Hold on!
我想我们到站了  I think this is our stop.
也许 也许还有证据留下来  Okay, maybe... Maybe some of the evidence survived.
全没了 我们搞砸了  Everything is gone. We've lost it all.
是啊 除了这个  Yeah. All, except for this.
太好了 尼克  Nick! Yes!
走吧 我们赶紧送去警局  Come on! We gotta get to the ZPD.
从国家历史博物馆穿过去  Cut through the Natural History Museum.
就在那里  朱迪 朱迪  There it is.  Judy. Judy!
头羊市长  Mayor Bellwether.
我们知道真相了  We found out what's happening.
有人用毒镖向食肉动物注射血清  Someone's darting predators with a serum.
所以他们才野性大发  That's what's making them go savage.
干得真棒 朱迪 我真为你骄傲  I'm so proud of you, Judy. You did just a super job.
谢谢市长  Thank you, ma'am.
你是怎么找到我们的  How did you know where to find us?
接下来这案子就交给我吧  I'll go ahead and I'll take that case now.
还是我跟尼克送到警局吧  You know what? I think Nick and I will just take this to the ZPD.
跑  跑  Run.  Run.
抓住他们  Get them!
萝卜头  Carrots!
我来扶你 赶紧过来  Here, I got you. Get in here.
先放松下  Okay. Now, just relax.
吃蓝莓吗  不用了  Blueberry?  Pass.
朱迪  Judy.
拿着箱子 把它交给牛局长  Take the case. Get it to Bogo.
我不能把你丢下 不行  I'm not gonna leave you behind, that's not happening.
我走不了  我们会想到办法的  I can't walk.  Just.. We'll think of something.
我们都是一样的 朱迪  We're on the same team, Judy.
不被重视 没人欣赏  Underestimated. Underappreciated.
你还没厌倦吗  Aren't you sick of it?
虽然食肉动物强壮 嗓门又大  Predators. They may be strong and loud.
但食草动物是食肉动物的十倍  But prey outnumber predators 10 to 1.
想想看  Think about it.
百分之九十的市民联合起来 对付一个共同的敌人  90% of the population united against a common enemy.
我们会天下无敌的  We'll be unstoppable.
在那里  Over there!
你就该留在胡萝卜农场里  Well, you should have just stayed on the carrot farm, huh?
太可惜了 我挺喜欢你的  It really is too bad, I did like you.
你想干嘛 杀了我吗  What are you gonna do? Kill me?
当然不是了  No, of course not.
是他  He is.
不 尼克  No! Oh, Nick?
警官 国家历史博物馆里有只野性大发的狐狸  Yes, police! There's a savage fox in the Natural History Museum!
霍普斯警官已倒下 赶紧过来  Officer Hopps is down. Please hurry!
尼克 别被控制 你要反抗  No, Nick. Don't do this. Fight it.
但他控制不住 没用的  Oh, but he can't help it. Can he?
因为食肉动物本来就有野蛮的本能  Since predators are just biologically predisposed to be savages.
天哪 想想明天的头条  Gosh! Think of the headline!
英雄警官被兽性狐狸所杀害  Hero Cop Killed by Savage Fox.
所以你要的就是这个  So that's it?
食草动物畏惧食肉动物 然后你掌权  Prey fears predator, and you stay in power?
差不多吧  Yeah. Pretty much.
不会得逞的  It won't work.
畏惧总能管用的  Fear always works.
为了这目的 我会给所有肉食动物都打一针  And I'll dart every predator in Zootopia to keep it that way.
尼克 不  Oh, Nick. No.
再见了 小兔子  Bye bye, bunny.
流血 血 血 和死亡  Blood, blood, blood! And death.
好了好了 你演的可真不行  All right, you know you're milking it.
还好 我们成功了 我想是的  Besides, I think we got it. I think we got it.
我们成功了 谢谢你 叨叨羊  We got it up there, thank you, yakety yak.
你全盘招认了 近乎完美  You laid it all out beautifully.
什么  What?
你是在找血清吗  Yeah. Oh, are... are you looking for the serum?
在这呢  Well, it's right here.
你武器里的  What you've got in the weapon there,
是我家里农场种的蓝莓  those are blueberries, from my family's farm.
可好吃了 你该尝尝  They are delicious. You should try some.
我陷害了狮心 我也可以陷害你  I framed Lionheart, I can frame you too.
你们空口无凭  It's my word against yours.
其实呢  Actually...
我会给所有肉食动物都打一针  And I'll dart every predator in Zootopia to keep it that way.
你都招了  It's your word against yours.
这叫智取 亲爱的  It's called a hustle, Sweetheart. Boom!
前任头羊副市长今日已入狱  Former mayor, Dawn Bellwether is behind bars today,
罪名是策划了动物城  guilty of masterminding the savage attacks
食肉动物野蛮袭击事件  that have plagued Zootopia of late.
她的前任上司 里奥多·狮心  Her predecessor, Leodore Lionheart,
否认所有与其密谋的指控  denies any knowledge of her plot,
声称只是为了保护动物城  claiming he was just trying to protect the city.
我囚禁这些动物是错的吗  Did I falsely imprison those animals?
是的 我确实错了  Well, yes. Yes, I did.
这是典型的  It was a classic
为了正当理由而做了错事  doing the wrong thing for the right reason kind of a deal.
另外 医生宣称  In related news, doctors say
午夜嚎叫的解药  the Night Howlers' antidote is proving effective
已对受害食肉动物确实有效  in rehabilitating the afflicted predators.
艾米特  Oh, Emmitt!
谢谢  Thank you.
我小时候  When I was a kid,
我以为动物城是完美的地方  I thought Zootopia was this perfect place.
人人和谐相处  Where everyone got along,
谁都能成就无限可能  and anyone could be anything.
事实证明  Turns out,
现实生活远比宣传口号  real life is a little bit more complicated
复杂多了  than a slogan on a bumper sticker.
现实生活很残酷  Real life is messy.
我们都有自己的弱点  We all have limitations.
都会犯错  We all make mistakes.
但是乐观点来说 我们也有很多共同点  Which means, hey, glass half full, we all have a lot in common.
我们越是努力了解别人  And the more we try to understand one another.
越会发现彼此的闪光点  The more exceptional each of us will be.
我们要努力尝试  But we have to try.
不管你是哪类动物  So no matter what type of animal you are.
从巨大的大象到第一只狐狸警官  From the biggest elephant, to our first fox.
我恳请你们  I implore you.
努力尝试 让世界变得更美好  Try... Try to make the world a better place.
探索自己的内心 从改变自己开始  Look inside yourself and recognize that change starts with you.
从我做起 从我们做起  It starts with me. It starts with all of us.
好了好了 安静  All right, all right, enough. Shut it!
今早我们来了一批新人  We have some new recruits with us this morning.
包括第一只狐狸警官  Including our first fox.
我懒得介绍  Who cares.
你的激励方式该做成卡片 长官  You should have your own line of inspirational greeting cards, sir.
闭嘴 王尔德  Shut your mouth, Wilde.
任务分配  Assignments.
灰熊利 牙迈尔 德尔加多警官 冰原镇反恐特警组  Officers Grizzoli, Fragmeyer, Delgato. Tundratown SWAT.
吼洛夫 河马金斯和狼法德 卧底  Snarlov, Higgins, Wolfard. Undercover.
霍普斯和王尔德 交通协管  Hopps, Wilde. Parking duty.
解散  Dismissed.
开玩笑的  Just kidding!
接到投诉 萨凡纳中心有人飙车  We have reports of a street racer tearing up Savannah Central.
找到他 让他歇菜  Find him. Shut him down.
所有的兔子开车都烂吗 还是只是你  So are all the rabbits bad drivers, or is it just you?
抱歉  Oops. Sorry.
狡猾的兔子  Sly bunny.
蠢狐狸  Dumb fox.
你知道你爱我  You know you love me.
我知道么？  Do I know that?
是的 是真的  Yes. Yes, I do.
先生 你时速已达到185公里  Sir, you were going 115 miles per hour,
希望你能给我个合理的解释  I hope you have a good explanation.
闪电 闪电 数你最快  Flash, Flash. Hundred Yard Dash!
尼克  Nick...
晚上好 动物城  Good evening, Zootopia!
各位 举起你们的双爪  Come on, everybody. Put your paws up.
♪ 我今晚搞砸了 再一次落败 ♪  I messed up tonight, I lost another fight
♪ 再次败给自己 但我会卷土重来 ♪  I still mess up but I'll just start again
♪ 我不断跌倒  不断摔倒在地 ♪  I keep falling down, I keep on hitting the ground
♪ 但还是爬起来向前看 迎接新的挑战 ♪  I always get up now to see what's next
♪ 我不会放弃 我不会屈服 ♪  I won't give up, no I won't give in
♪ 直到终点 再重新上路 ♪  'Til I reach the end and then I'll start again
♪ 我不会离开 我要尝试一切 ♪  No I won't leave, I wanna try everything
♪ 即使会失败也绝不退缩 ♪  I wanna try even though I could fail
♪ 我不会放弃 我不会屈服 ♪  I won't give up, no I won't give in
♪ 我会到达终点 并再次起航 ♪  'Til I reach the end and then I'll start again
♪ 我不会离开 我要尝试一切 ♪  No, I won't leave, I wanna try everything
♪ 就算会失败也要不断尝试 ♪  I wanna try even though I could fail
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
♪ 尝试一切 ♪  Try everything
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
♪ 尝试一切 ♪  Try everything
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
♪ 尝试一切 ♪  Try everything
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
举起你们的双爪  Put your paws in the air, come on.
♪ 看看你走过的这一路 那用心填满爱的征途 ♪  Look how far you've come, you filled your heart with love
♪ 你已经足够的好 别泄气认输 ♪  Baby you've done enough, take a deep breath
♪ 别自暴自弃 也无需拼命加速 ♪  Don't beat yourself up, don't need to run so fast
♪ 成功或许会迟些降临 至少我们已全力以赴 ♪  Sometimes we come last, but we did our best
♪ 我不会放弃 也决不妥协 ♪  I won't give up, no I won't give in
♪ 直到抵达终点 迈向新的战场 ♪  'Til I reach the end and then I'll start again
♪ 我不会逃避 愿甘苦尽尝 ♪  No I won't leave, I wanna try everything
♪ 即使会失败也要全力以赴 ♪  I wanna try even though I could fail
♪ 我不会放弃 也决不妥协 ♪  I won't give up, no I won't give in
♪ 直到抵达终点 迈向新的战场 ♪  'Til I reach the end and then I'll start again
♪ 我不会逃避 愿甘苦尽尝 ♪  No I won't leave, I wanna try everything
♪ 即使会失败也要全力以赴 ♪  I wanna try even though I could fail
♪ 人生路上难免不停犯错 ♪  I'll keep on making those new mistakes
♪ 犯错或许会充斥于每天的生活 ♪  I'll keep on making them every day
♪ 错妙的生活啊 ♪  Those new mistakes
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
♪ 尝试一切 ♪  Try everything
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
♪ 尝试一切 ♪  Try everything
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
♪ 尝试一切 ♪  Try everything
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
大家一起  Come on!
大家一起摇起尾巴  Shake your tail with me come on
♪ 人生路上难免不停犯错 ♪  I'll keep on making those new mistakes
♪ 犯错或许会充斥于每天的生活 ♪  I'll keep on making them every day
♪ 错妙的生活啊 ♪  Those new mistakes
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
♪ 尝试一切 ♪  Try everything
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
♪ 尝试一切 ♪  Try everything
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
♪ 尝试一切 ♪  Try everything
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
♪ 尝试一切 ♪  Try everything

