狮子王1
Nants ingonyama
Bagithi baba
Sithi uhhmm ingonyama
lngonyama
Nants ingonyama
Bagithi baba
Sithi uhhmm ingonyama
lngonyama
Siyo nqoba
lngonyama
lngonyama inengw' enamabala
Setokwa
lngonyama inengw' enamabala
Asana
lngonyama inengw' enamabala
Setokwa
lngonyama inengw' enamabala
从我们来到这星球那日起  From the day we arrive On the planet
眨着眼睛 步入太阳的光芒之中  And, blinking, step into the sun
想认知的远不如可认知的多  There's more to see Than can ever be seen
想完成的远不如可完成的多  More to do Than can ever be done
想得到的远不如可得到的多  There's far too much To take in here
想探索的远不如可探索的多  More to find Than can ever be found
但是太阳依旧高高升起  But the sun rolling high
穿越广袤蔚蓝的天空  Through the sapphire sky
在这无尽轮回中  Keeps great and small
包容着世间万物  On the endless round
这就是生生不息啊  It's the circle of life
感动了你我  And it moves us all
经历绝望和希望  Through despair and hope
心怀信仰和关爱  Through faith and love
直到我们在这漫漫人生长路  Till we find our place
找到自己的归宿  On the path unwinding
在这轮回  In the circle
生命的轮回之中  The circle of life
这就是生生不息啊  It's the circle of life
感动了你我  And it moves us all
都能经历绝望和希望  Through despair and hope
心怀信仰和关爱  Through faith and love
直到我们在这漫漫人生长路  Till we find our place
找到自己的归宿  On the path unwinding
在这轮回  In the circle
生命的轮回之中  The circle of life
狮子王
生命真不公平啊！  Life's not fair, is it?
你看我呢，永远都当不上王  You see, I   Well, I shall never be king
而你永远也见不到明天了  And you shall never see the light of another day
而你....  And you.....
你妈妈没有教你 不要玩弄你的食物  Didn't your mother ever tell you not to play with your food?
你想干什么？  What do you want?
我是来这里宣布 大王木法沙要来了  I'm here to announce that King Mufasa's on his way,
所以对你今天早上 没有出席那个仪式 最好找个借口  so you'd better have a good excuse for missing this morning's ceremony
你看  Oh, look, Zazu
你害我的午餐都没了  You've made me lose my lunch
等大王跟你算帐之后你不见的东西还会更多  You'll lose more than that when the king gets through with you
他就像只拉肚子的河马 一样愤怒  He's as mad as a hippo with a hernia
我怕得全身发抖  I quiver with fear!
好了，刀疤，不要那样看我  Now, Scar, don't look at me that way
救命啊！  Help!
刀疤  Scar
吐出来  Drop him
你来得可真是时候，大王陛下  Impeccable timing, Your Majesty
这不是我大哥吗？ 屈尊降贵的  Why, if it isn't my big brother descending from on high
来跟我这普通人厮混  to mingle with the commoners
沙拉碧跟我在辛巴的介绍仪式中没有看到你  Sarabi and I didn't see you at the presentation of Simba
那是今天吗？  That was today?
我觉得好害怕呀！  I feel simply awful !
我八成是给忘了  Must've slipped my mind
是呀，你忘的不只如此  Yes, well, as slippery as your mind is,
身为大王的弟弟 你应该站在第一位  as the king's brother, you should've been first in line!
我原本是第一位 直到这个小毛球出生  Well, I was first in line, until the little hairball was born
这个小毛球是我儿子 他也是你未来的国王  That hairball is my son and your future king
我该学学我的礼节啦  I shall practise my curtsy!
千万不要背对着我，刀疤  Don't turn your back on me, Scar
不，木法沙  Oh, no, Mufasa
或许是你不该背对着我  Perhaps you shouldn't turn your back on me
这是一个挑战吗？  Is that a challenge?
冷静！冷静！  Temper, temper
我哪敢向大王你挑战呢？  I wouldn't dream of challenging you
可惜，为什么不呢？  Pity Why not?
要说脑袋的话 我是有狮子的智慧  Well, as far as brains go, I got the lion's share
说到蛮力嘛…  But when it comes to brute strength,
恐怕我就是基因遗传 比较不明显的例子了  I'm afraid I'm at the shallow end of the gene pool
每个家庭都会有这个问题 陛下  There's one in every family, sire
事实上我家有两个  Two in mine, actually,
而且他们总会想尽办法 破坏特别的场合  and they always manage to ruin special occasions
我该拿他怎么办？  What am I going to do with him?
拿他做地毯会非常好看  He'd make a very handsome throw rug
沙祖  Zazu !
而且想一想 每次弄脏的时候  And just think, whenever he gets dirty,
你可以拿出去打一打  you could take him out and beat him
辛巴  Simba
爸，爸  Dad ! Dad !
快起来，我们要走了啦！  Come on, dad, we gotta go! Wake up!
对不起  Sorry
爸…爸…  Dad ! Dad !
你儿子已经醒了  Your son is awake
在天亮前，他是你儿子  Before sunrise, he's your son
爸…拜托啦！  Dad ! Come on, Dad
你答应过我的呀！  You promised
好吧，好吧  我起来 我起来  Okay, Okay I'm up, I'm up
耶！  Yeah !
辛巴，你看  Look, Simba
阳光所照到的一切 都是我们的国土  Everything the light touches is our kingdom
一个国王的统治 就跟太阳的起落是相同的  A king's time as ruler rises and falls like the sun
辛巴 总有一天  太阳将会 跟我一样慢慢下沉  One day, Simba, the sun will set on my time here
并且在你成为新的国王的时候 一同上升  and will rise with you as the new king
这一切都是我的吗？  所有的一切  And this'll all be mine? Everything
阳光能照到的所有东西…  Everything the light touches
那有阴影的地方呢？  What about that shadowy place?
那在我们的国度之外  That's beyond our borders
你绝不可以去那个地方  You must never go there, Simba
我以为国王可以随心所欲呀！  But I thought a king can do whatever he wants
你错了 国王也不能凡事随心所欲  Oh, there's more to being king than getting your way all the time
不能吗？      辛巴  There's more?    Simba
世界上所有的生命 都有他存在的价值  Everything you see exists together in a delicate balance
身为国王，你不但要了解  As king, you need to understand that balance
还要去尊重所有的生活  and respect all the creatures,
包括爬行的蚂蚁和跳跃的羚羊  from the crawling ant to the leaping antelope
但是，爸… 我们不是吃羚羊的吗？  But, Dad, don't we eat the antelope?
是的，我来跟你解释一下  Yes, Simba, but let me explain
我们死后呢，尸体会成为草  When we die, our bodies become the grass,
而羚羊是吃草的  and the antelope eat the grass
所以…在这个生命圈里面  都是互相有关联的  And so we are all connected in the great circle of life
早安，陛下  沙祖，你早  Good morning, sire! Good morning, Zazu
我来做早上的例行报告  Checking in with the morning report
你说吧  Fire away
额，蜜蜂发嗡嗡叫了  Well ! The buzz from the bees
豹子在自己的地盘  is that the leopards are in a bit of a spot
果真？  Really?
儿子，你干嘛呢？  What are you doing, son?
扑猎物  Pouncing
让个老手教你怎么做吧  Let an old pro show you how it's done
大象非常清楚我所忘记的事情  I told the elephants to forget it, but they can't
沙祖，转个身好吗？ 好的，陛下  Zazu, would you turn around? Yes, sire
猎豹是硬了起来，但  The cheetahs are hard up, but
趴在地上别动  Stay low to the ground
猎豹从未繁荣  Cheetahs never prosper
我知道了，趴在地上，右边？  Yeah, okay Stay low to the ground, right? Yeah
怎么回事？给你上扑食的课  What going on? A pouncing lesson
哈……非常好  Very good Pouncing
扑东西？不，陛下，别这样  Pouncing? No, sire, you can't be serious
这是如此难为情  This is so humiliating
尽量不要出声  Try not to make a sound
你告诉他,木法沙?  What are you telling him,mufasa?
木法沙? 辛巴?  Mufasa? Simba?
哈...非常好  That's very good
沙祖 什么事呀？  Zazu ! Yes!
地下传来的消息  好，这一次呢...  News from the underground Now, this time
陛下 鬣狗到了荣耀之石啦！  Sire! Hyenas in the Pride Lands!
沙祖，带辛巴回家  Zazu, take Simba home
我不能去吗？  Dad, can't I come?
不行，儿子  No, son
哼！什么地方都不准我去  I never get to go anywhere
哦，小主人 将来你也会当国王的  Young master, one day, you will be king
然后你就可以随心所欲地 去追逐那些流着口水  Then you can chase those slobbering, mangy, stupid poachers
卑贱愚蠢的非法入侵者  from dawn until dusk
嘿！刀疤叔叔 你猜猜怎样？  Hey, Uncle Scar! Guess what?
我最痛恨猜谜游戏了  I despise guessing games
我将成为这里的国王耶  I'm gonna be King of Pride Rock
哦！真好啊  Oh, goody!
我爸刚刚带我看了整个国度  My dad just showed me the whole kingdom,
而我将会统治一切  and I'm gonna rule it all !
是啊  请原谅我没有 高兴地跳起来  Yes Well, forgive me for not leaping for joy
我的背不好你知道的  Bad back, you know
嘿，刀疤叔叔  Hey, Uncle Scar
如果我是国王 那你是什么？  When I'm king, what'll that make you?
你这猴子的叔叔  A monkey's uncle
你好奇怪哦！  You're so weird
还有更怪的呢！  You have no idea
那么  你爸爸带你看过整个王国了 是吗？  So, your father showed you the whole kingdom, did he?
看过啦  Everything
他没有带你到北方边界 太阳升起的地方吗？  He didn't show you what's beyond that rise at the northern border?
没有 他说我不能去那里  Well, no He said I can't go there
他说的完全正确  And he's absolutely right
那里太危险了  It's far too dangerous
只有勇敢的狮子才会去呀  Only the bravest lions go there
我很勇敢啊 那有什么？  Well, I'm brave What's out there?
对不起，辛巴 我就是不能告诉你  I'm sorry, Simba, I just can't tell you
为什么不能？  Why not?
辛巴，辛巴  我只是在为我 最喜欢的侄子着想  I'm only looking out for the wellbeing of my favourite nephew
没错，我是你唯一的侄子  Yeah, right! I'm your only nephew
所以罗，我才更要保护你  All the more reason for me to be protective
一个年轻的王子 不适合到大象墓园去的  An elephant graveyard is no place for a young prince Oops!
大象的什么？  An elephant what? Whoa!
哦！天啊 我说的太多了  Oh, dear, I've said too much
不过我猜你早晚总会发现的  Well, I suppose you'd have found out sooner or later,
你一直是这么样的聪明  you being so clever and all
帮我个忙吧！  Just do me one favour
跟我保证你绝对 不会去那个可怕的地方  Promise me you'll never visit that dreadful place
没问题  No problem
这才是乖孩子  There's a good lad
你现在自己出去玩吧  You run along now and have fun
并且记得哦...  And remember,
这是我们的小秘密  it's our little secret
嘿！娜娜  嗨！辛巴  Hey, Nala Hi, Simba
走吧 我刚才听到一个很棒的地方  Come on I just heard about this great place
辛巴，我现在正在洗澡啊  Simba! I'm kind of in the middle of a bath
你也该洗澡罗  And it's time for yours
妈...  Mom !
妈...你把我的毛弄乱了啦  Mom, you're messing up my mane!
好了！好了 我干净了 我们可以走了吗？  Okay, okay, I'm clean Can we go now?
我们要到哪里去呀？  So, where are we going?
最好不要什么烂地方  It better not be anyplace dumb
不！那真的很酷耶  No, it's really cool
这个很酷的地方是在哪里呢？  So, where is this really cool place?
就在水洞附近  Around the water hole The water hole?
水洞附近有什么了不起的啊？  What's so great about the water hole?
等到了那里我再告诉你  I'll show you when we get there
妈，我能去吗？  Mom, can I go with Simba?
沙拉碧你说呢？  What do you think, Sarabi?
这个嘛...  Well
拜托...  Please?
我是没什么意见  It's all right with me
哦，耶...  Yeah ! All right!
不过要沙祖跟你们一起去  As long as Zazu goes with you
不...不要沙祖  No, not Zazu
开心一点嘛  Step lively
越快到水洞 我们就可以越快回家  The sooner we get to the water hole, the sooner we can leave
我们到底要去哪里呀？  So, where are we really going?
一个大象的墓园  An elephant graveyard
哇！  Wow!
嘘...沙祖  Zazu
对了 我们要怎么摆脱那个笨蛋呀？  Right So, how are we gonna ditch the dodo?
我们摆脱沙祖以后...  When we ditch him
哦！看看你们俩个 再去大象的墓园  Just look at you two
大草原上一段 小小的罗曼史正在孕育  Little seeds of romance blossoming in the savanna
你们的父母会很高兴的  Your parents will be thrilled,
等到你们订婚之后 还有...  what with your being betrothed and all
什么？  Be what?
准备成婚 订下婚约、海誓山盟  Betrothed Intended Affianced
意思是...  Meaning
有一天你们俩个会结婚  One day, you two are going to be married
恶心...  Yuck!
我不能娶她耶  她是我的朋友  I can't marry her She's my friend
对，那实在太奇怪了  Yeah, it'd be so weird
很抱歉，破坏你们的美梦  Sorry to bust your bubble,
但是你们俩个小朋友别无选择  but you two turtle doves have no choice
这是流传了好几世代的传统  It's a tradition going back generations
等我当国王 第一就是废除这件事  When I'm king, that'll be the first thing to go
只要有我在就不准 哦，那你被开除了  Not so long as I'm around Well, in that case, you're fired
很聪明 但只有国王才能开除我  Nice try, but only the king can do that
可是他是未来的国王啊  Well, he's the future king
对！所以我说什么你都得听  Yeah, so you have to do what I tell you
嘿嘿！现在还不必听  Not yet, I don't
而且由你这种态度  And with an attitude like that,
恐怕你以后会变成 一个相当悲惨的国王  I'm afraid you're shaping up to be a pretty pathetic king, indeed
哼！我看才不会呢  Not the way I see it
我将会是万兽之王  l'm gonna be a mighty king
瞧瞧我的模样  So enemies beware
从来没有一个狮子王  Well, l've never seen a king of beasts
他的毛会那么少  With quite so little hair
来看看我的威严 没有人比得过  l'm gonna be the main event Like no king was before
没有人敢说“不要啦” 只要我说声“要”  l'm brushin' up on lookin' down  l'm workin' on my roar
从来没见过像你那么糟  Thus far, a rather uninspiring thing
等不及成为狮子王  Oh, I just can't wait to be king
你还有很长的路要走呢 小主人 如果你以为..  You've rather a long way to go, young master, if you think
没有任何吩咐 我那么说的时候...  No one sayin', "Do this" Now, when l said that
没有任何束缚   我的意思是...  No one saying, "Be there" What I meant was
没有任何坏处  No one sayin', "Stop that" You don't realise
总会有你好处  No one sayin', "See here" Now, see here!
自由自在到处跑  Free to run around all day
绝对不是那样的  Well, that's definitely out
做错事情也没人吵  Free to do it all my way
找个时间该坐下来  l think it's time that you and l
来好好谈一谈  Arranged a hearttoheart
国王不需要  Kings don't need advice
别人来指手画脚  From little hornbills for a start
如果你真的这样统治 我想那就惨  If this is where the monarchy is headed  Count me out
干脆离开这块烂地方  Out of service, out of Africa
我再也不想管  l wouldn't hang about
这小孩已经开始嫌我烦  This child is getting wildly out of wing
等不及成为狮子王  Oh, I just can't wait to be king
所有人往左看  Everybody, look left
所有人往右看  Everybody, look right
所有人往这看  Everywhere you look, l'm
我在你们中间  Standing in the spotlight
还早呢！  Not yet!
让所有万物都一起歌唱  Let every creature go for broke and sing
让我们随他脚步到处闯  Let's hear it in the herd and on the wing
让所有万物都一起颂赞  lt's gonna be King Simba's finest fling
我等不及成为狮子王...  Oh, I just can't wait to be king
哦  我迫不及待  Oh, I just can't wait
当国王了  to be king
对不起，夫人  您坐在我的身上了  I beg your pardon, madam, but
请让一让  get off!
辛巴  Simba?
娜娜...  Nala!
好啦！成功了  All right! It worked !
摆脱他了吧  我...是个天才  We lost him I am a genius
嘿！天才 那是我的主意  Hey, genius, it was my idea
没错啊 但是，是我执行的啊  Yeah, but I pulled it off
还有我  是吗  With me! Yeah?
输了吧 让我起来  Pinned ya Hey, let me up!
你又输了吧  Pinned ya again
就是这里 我们成功了  This is it We made it
哇...  Whoa!
这里阴森森的  It's really creepy
是啊  Yeah
不是很棒吗？  Isn't it great?
我想 我们可能会有大麻烦  We could get in big trouble I know!
不知道他的脑袋还在不在哪儿？  I wonder if its brains are still in there
只有一个办法能知道  There's only one way to know
走吧，我们去看看  Come on, let's go check it out
不对 你们唯一该做的事情 就是立刻离开这里  Wrong ! The only checking out you will do will be to check out of here
烦耶！  Oh, man !
我们已经超出 荣耀石的范围太远了  We're way beyond the boundary of the Pride Lands
你看 那个尖嘴老头害怕了  Look, banana beak is scared
不管我是不是尖嘴小老头 小毛球  It's Mr banana beak to you, fuzzy,
我告诉你 我们的处境真的是很危险  and right now we are all in very real danger
危险？哈哈...  Danger?
我在荒野中行走  I walk on the wild side
我会当面嘲笑危险  I laugh in the face of danger
喔 喔 喔...斑仔 看看这是什么？  Well, well, well, Banzai, what have we got here?
桑琪，我不知道  I don't know, Shenzi
艾德，你觉得呢？  What do you think, Ed?
对！我刚在想  Just what I was thinking
三个违规的家伙  A trio of trespassers!
这完全是个意外！我跟你们保证  And quite by accident, let me assure you
这只是航行上的小小的错误  A simple navigational error
喔 喔  喔  等等...  Whoa, whoa, wait, wait, wait
我认识你 你是木法沙的小跟班  I know you You're Mufasa's little stooge
夫人 我是国王陛下的总管  I, madam, am the king's majordomo
这么说你就是...  And that would make you
未来的国王  The future king
你知道我们是怎么对付 超出自己国界的国王吗？  Do you know what we do to kings who step out of their kingdom?
你们也不能把我怎么样啊！  You can't do anything to me
理论上可以 我们在他们的土地上  Technically, they can We are on their land
可是沙祖你跟我说 他们只是爱流口水的傻瓜啊！  But you told me they're nothing but slobbering, mangy, stupid poachers
能不能不要再提 傻瓜这两个字？  Ixnay on the upidstay
嘿！你叫谁是傻瓜？  我 我 我 你看那个太阳  Who are you callin' upidstay? My, my, my Look at the sun !
我该走了  It's time to go!
急什么？ 我们很乐意你留下来晚餐  What's the hurry? We'd love you to stick around for dinner
是呀...我们可以吃... 狮子大餐呀！  Yeah, we could have whatever's lion around !
等等... 有了，有了，有了  Wait, wait, wait, I got one, I got one!
我要一份幼狮三明治 你觉得呢？  Make mine a cub sandwich ! Whaddaya think?
什么？艾德？这是什么？  What, Ed? What is it?
我们订的晚餐要外带吗？  Hey, did we order this dinner to go?
没有啊！怎么啦？  No, why?
因为他们跑了  'Cause there it goes!
我们甩掉他们了吗？我想是的  Did we lose 'em? I think so
沙祖在哪？  Where's Zazu?
原来我们的小总管  The little majordomo bird hippetyhopped
一路赶着想做只白煮鸟  all the way to the birdieboiler
噢 不！我不要做白煮鸟！  Oh No! Not the birdieboiler!
嘿！你们为什么不去找一个 跟你们差不多大的  Hey, why don't you pick on somebody your own size?
像...你吗？   哎哟  Like you?     Oops
辛巴  Simba!
来了！小宝贝 小宝贝 小宝贝  Here, kitty, kitty, kitty
哈哈...就这样吗？  That was it?
再吼一次，来吧！  Do it again Come on
大...大哥   闭嘴！  Please, please! Uncle, uncle! Silence!
我们都闭嘴 别激动 我们真的很抱歉  We're gonna shut up right now! Calm down We're really sorry
如果你们敢再靠近我儿子  If you ever come near my son again
这位...这位是您的...  This is   This is your son?
哦！是您的公子啊 你知道吗？  Your son Did you know that?
不，我不知道 你知道吗？  No Me? I didn't know   No, did you?
不，当然不知道  No, of course not No
艾德？  Ed?
溜  Toodles
爸，我...你故意违抗我的命令  Dad, I You deliberately disobeyed me
爸，我很抱歉 跟我回家去  Dad, I'm   I'm sorry Let's go home
我认为你非常勇敢  I thought you were very brave
沙祖  Zazu
是的  陛下  Yes, sire?
带娜娜回家 我必须要给我儿子上一课  Take Nala home I've got to teach my son a lesson
娜娜  走吧  Come, Nala
辛巴  唉！   好运  Simba      Good luck
辛巴  Simba!
辛巴   我对你非常失望  Simba  I'm very disappointed in you
我知道 你可能会死掉  I know You could've been killed
你故意违抗我的命令  You deliberately disobeyed me,
而且更糟的是 你把娜娜拖入危险  and what's worse, you put Nala in danger
我只是想要跟你一样勇敢  I was just trying to be brave, like you
我只有在必要的时候才勇敢  I'm only brave when I have to be
辛巴  Simba
成为真正的勇者  并不表示你要去找麻烦  being brave doesn't mean you go looking for trouble
可是你好像什么都不怕  But you're not scared of anything
我今天就怕了  I was today
真的？是哦  You were? Yes
我怕我会失去你  I thought I might lose you
喔...原来国王也是会害怕的  Wow I guess even kings get scared, huh?
但是你知道吗？什么？  But you know what? What?
我认为那些鬣狗比你还害怕  I think those hyenas were even scareder
因为没有人有胆子敢惹你爸爸  'Cause nobody messes with your dad
过来 你！不要！不要！  Come here, you No! No!
抓住你啦！  Gotcha!
爸  Dad?
我们是不是伙伴  We're pals, right?
对  Right
那我们就永远在一起，对吧  And we'll always be together, right?
辛巴  我告诉你一些 我爸爸以前跟我说的话  Simba, let me tell you something that my father told me
你看那些星星  Look at the stars
过去那些伟大的君王 在那些星星上望着我们  The great kings of the past look down on us from those stars
真的吗？是啊  Really? Yes
所以每当你寂寞的时候  So whenever you feel alone,
要记得那些君王 永远在那里指引着你  just remember that those kings will always be there to guide you
还有我也是  And so will I
木法沙真是害死人  害我一个星期都不能坐  Man, that lousy Mufasa I won't be able to sit for a week
这个不好笑，艾德  It's not funny, Ed
闭嘴！  Hey, shut up!
你们安静一点好不好？  Will you knock it off?
是他先开始的    看看你们这些家伙  Well, he started it Look at you guys
难怪我们会在 食物链最底部晃荡  No wonder we're dangling at the bottom of the food chain
我痛恨晃荡  Man, I hate dangling
废话！如果不是那些狮子 这地方早就是我们的了  Yeah? If it weren't for those lions, we'd be runnin' the joint
我痛恨狮子！  Man, I hate lions
那么顽固 还毛茸茸的  So pushy And hairy
而且又臭  天呐，还那么丑！.  And stinky And, man, are they ugly
哦  还好我们狮子 不全是那么糟糕的  Oh  Surely we lions are not all that bad
噢  刀疤，原来是你啊  Oh  Scar  It's just you
我们还以为是什么腕儿呢！  We were afraid it was somebody important
对呀，就像木法沙  Yeah, you know, like Mufasa
是呀  Yeah
是吗？  I see
那才叫力量    一点也没错  Now that's power! Tell me about it
光听他的名字我就会发抖  I just hear that name and I shudder
木法沙！ 再来一次  Mufasa! Do it again
木法沙！  Mufasa!
木法沙  木法沙  木法沙  Mufasa! Mufasa! Mufasa!
真过瘾  It tingles me
我身边全是一些脑残  I'm surrounded by idiots
得了吧，疤儿  No  you scar
你是我们的一份子  I mean you are one of us
别忘了你是我们的伙伴  I mean you are our pal
真感人...  Charmed
噢，我喜欢 虽然他不是国王 但他还是那么有威严  I like that He's not king, but he's still so proper
是呀，刀疤 你给我们带什么吃的了  Yeah Hey, did you bring us anything to eat,
嘿，老伙伴，好兄弟 有木有？有木有？  Scar, old buddy, old pal? Huh? Did ya, did ya, did ya?
我认为你们实在不值得  I don't think you really deserve this
我是特别把那些小狮子 送来给你们的  I practically giftwrapped those cubs for you,
而你们却让他给跑掉了  and you couldn't even dispose of them
你要知道  他们并不是自己单独来的，刀疤  Well, you know, it wasn't exactly like they was alone, Scar
对呀！我们该怎么做呢？  Yeah What were we supposed to do?
杀了木法沙？  Kill Mufasa?
一点也没错  Precisely
不要在我面前耍威风  l know that your powers of retention
仔细看 像个饭桶不中用  Are as wet as a warthog's backside
你给我站好 仔细听着  But thick as you are, pay attention
我的话已经够明白  My words are a matter of pride
那是所谓无言的表白  lt's clear from your vacant expressions
这地方由我来主宰  The lights are not all on upstairs
难道你们都没有发现  But we're talking kings and successions
王位继承权在我手中  Even you can't be caught unawares
准备好你的心静静等候  So prepare for the chance of a lifetime
迎接这一个天大消息  Be prepared for sensational news
一个新的时代它悄悄要到来  A shiny new era is tiptoeing nearer
那我们又算什么？  And where do we feature?
不管我多恶毒 只要听我吩咐  Just listen to teacher
不要再犯错误  I know it sounds sordid
大大的有赏  But you'll be rewarded
以后总会有你的好处  When at last l am given my dues
我要大声地向你宣布  And injustice deliciously squared
快准备  Be prepared
不对！还有的呢！ 准备什么？  Yeah, be prepared We'll be prepared For what?
准备木法沙王之死！  For the death of the king
怎么了？他病了？ 不 笨蛋！我们要杀了他  Why, is he sick? No, fool, we're going to kill him
还有辛巴  好主意 谁需要国王啊！  And Simba, too Great idea Who needs a king?
不要王...啦...  No king, no king
白痴！还会有另外一个王的 但是你自己说...  Idiots! There will be a king ! Hey, but you said
我将要做你们的王  I will be king !
只要跟着我  Stick with me,
你们就再也不会饿肚子了  and you'll never go hungry again
好耶！国王万岁！  Yeah ! All right! Long live the king !
万岁！万岁！  Long live the king ! Long live the king !
看来很快就会有依靠  lt's great that we'll soon be connected
随时随地伺候你左右  With a king who'll be all time adored
要投靠我 毫无疑问  Of course, quid pro quo you're expected
大家都会好过  To take certain duties on board
看来未来是充满着希望  The future is littered with prizes
保证过就不会泡汤  And though l'm the main addressee
让我再一次向你提醒  The point that l must emphasise is
我就是你唯一靠山  You won't get a sniff without me!
快准备！ 准备这前无古人的计划  So prepare for the coup of the century
这计划只要你帮一帮  Be prepared for the murkiest scam
这周详的计划 是万无一失的  Meticulous planning
是万无一失的  Tenacity spanning
是难得一见的 是不能否认的  Decades of denial
不能抵抗 又雄壮威严受尊敬的我  ls simply why l'll be king undisputed Respected, saluted
就是森林之王  Respected, saluted And seen for the wonder I am
因为我要的理想更高  Yes, my teeth and ambitions are bared
快准备  Be prepared
因为我要的理想更高  Yes, our teeth and ambitions are bared
快准备  Be prepared
好，你在这等着 你爸爸为你准备了一个大惊喜  You wait here Your father has a marvellous surprise for you
什么惊喜？  What is it?
如果我告诉你的话 那就不叫惊喜了，对不对  If I told you, it wouldn't be a surprise now, would it?
如果你告诉我 我会装得很惊讶  If you tell me, I'll still act surprised
你实在是非常的调皮  You are such a naughty boy
说嘛！刀疤叔叔 不...  Come on, Uncle Scar No, no, no, no, no, no, no
这是你爸爸跟你之间的事情  This is just for you and your daddy
是那种父子之间的...关系  You know, a sort of father-son thing
好了，我最好去找他去  Well, I'd better go get him
我跟你一起去    不行  I'll go with you.     No!
不...你只管待在这个石块上  No.  Just stay on this rock
你不会想像上次那样  You wouldn't want to end up in another mess
再遇到鬣狗吧？  like you did with the hyenas
你知道那件事呀？辛巴，每个人都知道那件事  You know about that? Simba, everybody knows about that
真的吗？   噢   是的  Really?    Oh   Yes
算你运气好 你爸赶去救你了  对吗?  Lucky daddy was there to save you, eh?
就在咱俩之间  And just between us,
你是不是该练习练习 你的吼叫声了呢？  you might want to work on that little roar of yours, hmm?
哦，好吧  Okay
嘿！刀疤叔叔 我会喜欢那个惊喜吗？  Hey, Uncle Scar, will I like this surprise?
辛巴，你会喜欢死的  Simba, it's to die for
闭嘴！  Shut up
我也没办法 我肚子好饿 我可以吃下一头野牛  I can't help it I'm so hungry I got to have a wildebeest
不要乱动  Stay put
我可不可以 吃一头生病的就好了 拜托！  Can't I just pick off one of the little sick ones?
不行！我们要等待刀疤的讯号  No We wait for the signal from Scar
他在那边 我们走  There he is Let's go
吼叫声  "Little roar"
陛下，你看！ 有东西在动  Look, sire, the herd is on the move
奇怪？     木法沙！  快点  Odd        Mufasa    quick
有东西在乱窜  Stampede in the gorge
在峡谷那儿 而辛巴也在     辛巴？  Simba's down there!       Simba?
沙祖！救我  Zazu, help me!
你爸爸已经来了 坚持住！  Your father is on the way! Hold on !
快啊！  Hurry!
那边，在那儿 在那树上  There! There on that tree!
坚持住   辛巴  Hold on, Simba!
爸！  Dad !
刀疤，这太可怕了  Scar, this is awful !
我们该怎么办？  What'll we do? What'll we do?
我就这么做 我去搬救...  I'll go back for help, that's what I'll do
爸...  Dad !
刀疤...  Scar!
弟弟，救救我  Brother Brother, help me!
吾王万岁  Long live the king
不...  No!
爸...  Dad !
爸  Dad?
爸，起来  Dad, come on
你一定要起来  You got to get up
爸...  Dad?
跟我回家啦  We got to go home
救命啊...  Help!
有没有人？  Somebody!
有人吗...  Anybody
救命  Help
辛巴 看你弄得...  Simba What have you done?
有好多野兽 他想救我  There were wildebeests, and he tried to save me
这真的是意外 我不是故意的  It was an accident I didn't mean for it to happen
当然，你当然不是故意的  Of course Of course you didn't
没有人会故意 要让这种事发生的  No one ever means for these things to happen
但是国王已经死了  But the king is dead
而且，如果不是因为你 他现在还会活着的  And if it weren't for you, he'd still be alive
你妈妈会怎么想呢？  What will your mother think?
那我该怎么办？  What am I going to do?
跑的远远的，辛巴  Run away, Simba
快跑 跑的远远的再也不要回来了  Run Run away and never return
杀了他  Kill him
他在那边 往那边跑了  Hey, there he goes There he goes
那就快追呀  So go get him
我才不愿意到那边去呢！  There ain't no way I'm going in there
怎么？你想要我跟你一样 变成个仙人掌啊？  What, you want me to come out looking like you, cactus butt?
我们一定得完成任务  But we got to finish the job
唉！反正他出去以后 绝对死定了  Well, he's as good as dead out there anyway
如果他回来的话 我们再杀他  And if he comes back, we'll kill him
对！你听到没有？  Yeah ! You hear that?
如果你敢回来 我们就杀了你  If you ever come back, we'll kill you !
木法沙的死亡是个可怕的悲剧  Mufasa's death is a terrible tragedy
但是辛巴几乎才开始他的生命 竟然也...  But to lose Simba, who had barely begun to live
对我来说 这是一个极大的个人损失  For me, it is a deep, personal loss
我在极悲恸的心情下登上王位  So it is with a heavy heart that I assume the throne
但是我们 必须振作起来忘掉悲痛  Yet out of the ashes of this tragedy we shall rise
共同迎接一个崭新时代的来临  to greet the dawning of a new era
我们狮子将跟鬣狗  in which lion and hyena come together
一起走向光明伟大的未来  in a great and glorious future
走开一走开  Get out! Get out! Get out of here!
我就喜欢赶走秃鹰  I love this! Bowling for buzzards
每次都成功  Gets 'em every time
丁满，你最好过来看看  Hey, Timon, you better come look
我看他好像还活着  I think it's still alive
哎哟！这什么东西呀？  All righty, what have we got here?
天啊！是只狮子！彭彭，快跑！  Jeez, it's a lion ! Run, Pumbaa, move it!
丁满，他只是只小狮子  Hey, Timon, it's just a little lion
你看他那么可爱 而且是一个人  Look at him He's so cute and all alone
我们能留下他吗？彭彭，你疯了吗？  Can we keep him? Pumbaa, are you nuts?
躺在这儿的是只狮子 狮子就是专门吃我们的  You're talking about a lion Lions eat guys like us
但是他还那么小  他以后会长大的  But he's so little  He's going to get bigger
也许他会变得跟我们一国  Maybe he'll be on our side
这是我听过最蠢的话了 或许他会...  That's the stupidest thing I ever heard Maybe he'll
咦...我有点子了 如果他跟我们一国  Hey, I've got it What if he's on our side?
有只狮子在身边或许蛮不错的  You know, having a lion around might not be such a bad idea
那我们就留下他咯  So we're keeping him?
当然，这里是谁做主啊？  Of course Who's the brains of this outfit?
我认为他应该留下  My point exactly
哎哟！天啊！我热死了 我们快离开这儿 找个阴凉的地方  Jeez, I'm fried Let's get out of here and find some shade
你还好吧？孩子    还好  You okay, kid?   I guess so
你差点就死了  You nearly died
我救了你  I saved you
彭彭也帮了...一滴滴忙  Well, Pumbaa helped A little
谢谢你们帮忙  Thanks for your help
你要去哪里？  Hey, where you going?
流浪  Nowhere
他看起来很犹豫  Gee, he looks blue
我倒觉得是金黄色 不，我是说一沮丧  I'd say brownish gold No, no, no I mean he's depressed
孩子你在烦什么？  Kid, what's eating you?
烦？狮子可是万兽之王  Nothing He's at the top of the food chain
烦个屁呀！  The food chain !
那你从哪儿来的？  So, where you from?
管他呢？我又不能回去  Who cares? I can't go back
你是被赶出来的 好极了！我们也是的  You're an outcast That's great So are we
你做了什么事？ 孩子？很可怕的事  What'd you do, kid? Something terrible
但是我不想谈  很好，我们也不想听  But I don't want to talk about it We don't want to hear about it
拜托，丁满 我们能帮忙吗？  Come on, Timon Anything we can do?
除非你们能够改变历史  Not unless you can change the past
孩子你要知道在这个时候 我这位伙伴丁满说  You know, kid, in times like this, my buddy Timon here says,
你必须把你的背后抛到过去  "You got to put your behind in your past"
不...  No, no, no
我是说... 笨蛋  I mean Amateur
能不能闭上你的乌鸦嘴呀  Lie down before you hurt yourself
是...你必须把过去抛到脑后  It's, "You got to put your past behind you"
听着  孩子  Look, kid,
你常会碰到一些倒霉的事  而你却拿它没办法，对吧？  bad things happen, and you can't do anything about it, right?
对          错  Right      Wrong !
当这个世界遗弃你的时候  When the world turns its back on you,
你就去遗弃这个世界  you turn your back on the world
我以前学的不是这样  Well, that's not what I was taught
那么你或许应该学点新知识  Then maybe you need a new lesson
跟着我一起念  Repeat after me
哈库拉 玛塔塔       什么？  Hakuna matata      What?
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
就别担心  It means "no worries"
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
多么精彩的一句话  What a wonderful phrase
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
让人不由自主地兴奋  Ain't no passing craze
意思是无忧无虑  It means no worries
在你余下的时间里  For the rest of your days
这就是我们没有烦恼的生活哲学  lt's our problemfree philosophy
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
哈库拉 玛塔塔?  Hakuna matata?
是我们的座右铭 什么是座右铭？  Yeah It's our motto What's a motto?
管它呢？跟着念就行了  Nothin' What'samotto with you
孩子你要知道 这几个字能够解决 你所有的问题  You know, kid, these two words will solve all your problems
对了！拿彭彭举例来说  That's right Take Pumbaa, for example Why
当他是只小山猪  When he was a young warthog
当我是只小山猪  When l was a young warthog
很好 谢啦  Very nice Thanks
看他好像魅力十足风度翩翩  He found his aroma lacked a certain appeal
看来看去好像缺少一些东西  He could clear the savanna after every meal
虽然我很丑  I'm a sensitive soul
可是我很温柔  Though l seem thickskinned
我终于发现我没办法出人头地  And it hurt that my friends never stood downwind
噢   太丢脸咯  And, oh, the shame He was ashamed
我想过改名字  改什么名字？  Thought of changing my name Oh, what's in a name?
我终于放弃  And l got downhearted
为什么？ 每次我想...  How did you feel? Every time that l
彭彭，不要在小孩面前... 噢  抱歉  Hey, not in front of the kids Oh, sorry
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
多么精彩的一句话  What a wonderful phrase
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
让人不由自主地兴奋  Ain't no passing craze
意思是无忧无虑  It means no worries
在你余下的时间里  For the rest of your days
好！唱下去  Yeah, sing it, kid
这就是我们没有烦恼的  lt's our problemfree
生活哲学  Philosophy
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
欢迎来到寒舍  Welcome to our humble home
你们住在这里呀？我们住在我们想住的地方  You live here? We live wherever we want
对！家就是休息的地方  Yep Home is where your rump rests
实在太漂亮了  It's beautiful
我饿了  I'm starved
我肚子饿得可以 吃下一匹斑马了  I'm so hungry I could eat a whole zebra
我们这里没有新鲜斑马肉  We're fresh out of zebra
那有羚羊吗？  Any antelope?
河马呢？没  Hippo? Nope
对了！孩子 如果你跟我们住 就得跟我们吃的一样  Listen, kid, if you live with us, you have to eat like us
这里像是可以弄到 昆虫的好地方  Hey, this looks like a good spot to rustle up some grub
那是什么？  What's that?
虫子，不然你以为是什么？  A grub What's it look like?
哦...好恶心  Gross
吃起来像鸡肉  Tastes like chicken
粘粘的，但是还不错  Slimy yet satisfying
这真是少有的美味  These are rare delicacies
咬起来脆脆的，口感十足  Piquant, with a very pleasant crunch
你会喜欢的啦  You'll learn to love them
你听我说，这种生活最棒了  I'm telling you, kid, this is the great life,
没有规则也没有责任  no rules, no responsibilities
这个虽小油水很多  The little creamfilled kind
而且最棒的是...没有忧虑  And best of all, no worries
来一点吧   孩子  Well      kid
哦 好吧     哈库拉 玛塔塔  Oh, well   Hakuna matata
粘粘的  但是还不错  Slimy   yet satisfying
这就对了  That's it
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
意思是无忧无虑  It means no worries
在你余下的时间里  For the rest of your days
这就是我们没有烦恼的  lt's our problemfree
生活哲学  Philosophy
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
对！  Yeah
塔 塔  Tata!
没有人知道  Nobody knows
我心中悲伤  The trouble I've seen
没有人知道  Nobody knows
我痛苦  My sorrow
沙祖，高兴一点  Zazu, do lighten up
唱一首有点活力的曲子吧  Sing something with a little bounce in it
世界真是小  It's a small world after all
不...除了那首什么都可以  No, no! Anything but that!
蝴蝶小时候就是小毛虫  l've got a lovely bunch of coconuts
爬来爬去钻来钻去  Deedle dee dee
长得真可爱  There they are astanding in a row
爬呀！爬呀！总有一天会飞  Big ones, small ones, some as big as your head
以前木法沙都不会叫我这么做  I would never have had to do this with Mufasa
什么？你刚才说什么？  What? What did you say?
没...        你知道规矩的  Nothing     You know the law
在我面前绝对不准提那个名字 因为我是国王  Never, ever mention that name in my presence I am the king !
是的，陛下 你才是国王  Yes, sire, you are the king
我...我...   会提起他只是在比较  I...I...     it to illustrate the differences
你们在经营管理方面的 差异之处  in your royal managerial approaches
嘿  老大 ！   这次又是什么事？  Hey  boss ！   What is it this time?
我们有一件事要跟你抱怨一下 让我来说吧  We got a bone to pick with you I'll handle this
刀疤 已经没有食物也没有水了  Scar, there's no food, no water
对呀 晚餐时间到了 我们连主菜都没有  Yeah It's dinner time and we ain't got no stinking entrées
狩猎的工作 不是由母狮来负责的吗？  It's the lionesses' job to do the hunting
对呀  可是她们不肯去呀  Yeah, but they won't go hunt
那吃沙祖吧     你们不会爱吃的  Eat Zazu      You wouldn't want me
我的肉又硬、味道又骚  I'd be so tough and gamey and
沙祖，不用说笑了 你只需要加点调味料  Zazu, don't be ridiculous All you need is a little garlic
我以前还以为木法沙不好  I thought things were bad under Mufasa
你刚说什么？ 我说木...  What did you say? I said Muf
我说蒙面纱  I said qué pasa?
很好      现在给我出去  Good     Now get out
可是我们还是很饿  But we're still hungry
滚！  Out!
哇！ 好大的嗝  辛巴    多谢  Whoa! Nice one, Simba   Thanks
天啊！我肚子好胀    我也是  Man, I'm stuffed    Me too
我吃得像只猪  I ate like a pig
彭彭，你本来就是猪呀  Pumbaa, you are a pig
哦    对啊  Oh    Right
丁满？ 怎样？  Timon? Yeah?
你有没有想过 那些发亮的东西是什么？  Ever wonder what those sparkling dots are up there?
彭彭，我不用想 我知道  Pumbaa, I don't wonder, I know
那是什么？  What are they?
那些是萤火虫  They're fireflies
那些萤火虫被一个 大大的黑黑的东西困住了  Fireflies that got stuck up in that big bluishblack thing
哦    哇  Oh    Gee
我一直以为这是 几千万英里外的  I always thought they were balls of gas
气体在燃烧  burning billions of miles away
彭彭   和你在一起   什么东西都是气体  Pumbaa  with you   everything's gas
辛巴，你觉得呢？  Simba, what do you think?
我不知道  Well, I don't know
快说，说...辛巴  Come on Give, give, give, give
我们都告诉你了，拜托  Come on We told you ours Please?
这个嘛... 怎样？  Well
以前有人跟我说过  Somebody once told me
过去那些伟大的君王 会在那些星星上看着我们  that the great kings of the past are up there watching over us
真的？  Really?
你是指那些 死掉的君王在看着我们  You mean a bunch of royal dead guys are watching us?
谁这么告诉你的？是啊，是啊  Who told you something like that? Yeah, yeah
是哪个笨蛋编的？ 是啊，挺傻的对吧  What mook made that up? Yeah Pretty dumb, huh?
笑死我了             是啊  You're killing me     Yeah
我说错了什么吗？  Was it something I said?
辛巴？  Simba?
他还...他还活着？   他还活着！  He's   He's alive?  He's alive!
是时候了  It is time
在这森林中、神奇森林中  ln the jungle, the mighty jungle
狮子在睡梦中  The lion sleeps tonight
今夜月色朦胧    要赶快行动  ln the jungle  the mighty jungle
狮子在睡梦中  The lion sleeps to
我听不见，彭彭 替我和音  I can't hear you, buddy Back me up
彭彭？彭彭？  Pumbaa? Pumbaa?
丁满？  Timon?
彭彭？  Pumbaa?
彭彭    彭彭  Pumbaa! Pumbaa!
彭彭，出了什么事？  Pumbaa, Pumbaa! Hey, what's going on?
她打算要吃我  She's going to eat me!
天呐 为什么每次都是我救你  Whoa! Jeez, why do I always have to save you
别担心，彭彭 我就在你身边 没事的  Don't worry, buddy I'm here for you Everything's going to be okay
咬她...咬她的头  Get her! Bite her head !
看我的 咬她大动脉  Go for the jugular! The jugular!
你看吧，我早说过他会有用的  See, I told you he'd come in handy
娜娜？  Nala?
真的是你吗？  Is it really you?
你是谁呀？ 是我呀      辛巴  Who are you? It's me   Simba
辛巴？  Simba?
你怎么了？你怎么会...  Whoa! How did you
你是从哪里来的？  Wow! Where did you come from?
我真的好高兴见到你  我见到你真高兴！  This is gr   It's great to see you !
嘿 这到底怎么回事？   你到这儿来干什么？  Hey, what's goin' on here?  What are you doing here?
你说我在这里做什么？  你才是在这儿干嘛？  What do you mean What am I doing here  What are you doing here?
嘿  这到底怎么回事？  Hey! What's goin' on here?
丁满，这位是娜娜 她是我最要好的朋友  Timon, this is Nala She's my best friend
朋友？是啊 嘿！彭彭 快过来  Friend? Yeah Hey, Pumbaa, come over here
娜娜  这位是彭彭   彭彭  这是娜娜  Nala, this is Pumbaa   Pumbaa, Nala
很高兴认识你 这是我的荣幸 不客气  Pleased to make your acquaintance The pleasure is all mine
你们怎么  喔  喔   暂停 让我先把事情搞清楚  How do you  Whoa whoa Time out! Let me get this straight
你认识她   她认识你  You know her  she knows you
但是她想要吃掉他 而大家好像都没什么意见  But she wants to eat him, and everybody's okay with this?
我说错了什么没有？丁满，别激动嘛！  Did I miss something? Relax, Timon
要是大家知道 你一直都在这里的话  Wait till everyone finds out you've been here all this time
还有你妈妈...  她会怎么想？  And your mother, what will she think?
她没有必要知道   没有人需要知道  She doesn't have to know Nobody has to know
她们当然需要知道 大家以为你死了  Of course they do Everyone thinks you're dead
是吗？  They do?
是啊 刀疤告诉了我们踩踏事件  Yeah Scar told us about the stampede
是吗？他还跟你们说了什么？  He did? What else did he tell you?
那些并不重要 你还活着呀  而这就表示... 你是国王  What else matters? You're alive And that means, you're the king
国王？小姐 你有没有搞错对象啊？  King? Lady, have you got your lions crossed !
国王？  King?
哎哟！我的国王 我匍匐在你脚前  Your Majesty, I gravel at your feet
不要闹了 少笨了，别傻了 搞什么？  Stop it It's not gravel, it's grovel
他才不是国王呢！  是吗？  And don't! He's not the king     Are you?
不是      辛巴!  No        Simba!
不是，我不是国王 或许我以前可能会是国王  No, I'm not the king Maybe I was gonna be
但是...那是很久以前的事了  but that was a long time ago
让我把事情搞清楚 你是国王？ 而你从没告诉我们？  Let me get this straight You're the king? And never told us?
听着   我还是原来的我呀    但更有权势  Look,  I'm still the same guy   But with power
麻烦你们俩位 先回避一下  好吗？  Could you guys excuse us for a few minutes?
嘿   不管她说什么  Hey  whatever she has to say
都可以在我们面前说 对不对？辛巴  she can say in front of us, right, Simba?
或许你们离开更好点吧  Maybe you'd better go
我还以为我了解他呢  It starts You think you know a guy
丁满跟彭彭 你慢慢会喜欢他们的  Timon and Pumbaa, you learn to love 'em
怎么了？  What?
你怎么了？  What is it?
这就像你从死里复活一样  It's like you're back from the dead
你不知道 这对大家的意义有多大  You don't know how much this will mean to everyone
还有对我...  What it means to me
嘿！没事的 我真的很想念你  Hey, it's okay I've really missed you
我也想你呀  I've missed you, too
彭彭，搞什么？  I tell you, Pumbaa This stinks
对不起  Sorry
不是你，是他们  Not you ! Them !
他、她...在一起  Him, her, alone
那有什么不对？  What's wrong with that?
我一眼就看出什么将发生  l can see what's happening
什么？  What
而他们还很懵懂   谁呀？  And they don't have a clue Who？
他们将陷入了爱河，这就是关键问题  They'll fall in love and here's the bottom line
我们的三重唱将要告终  Our trio's down to two
星光的抚摸如此温存  The sweet caress of twilight
爱的奇迹处处可寻  There's magic everywhere
让浪漫温馨充满每一处  And with all this romantic atmosphere
也伴随着危险和灾难  Disaster's in the air
你能感受到我的爱吗  Can you feel the love tonight?
在夜晚带来的宁静中  The peace the evening brings
所有万物  The world for once
在这一刻充满完美和谐  ln perfect harmony
所有的生命也如此安宁  With all its living things
有太多的事情要告诉她  So many things to tell her
但是要怎么让她明白  But how to make her see
我过去的所有真相  The truth about my past?
不可能     她将会离我而去  lmpossible  she'd turn away from me
他有些退缩他有所隐瞒  He's holding back, he's hiding
但是我又能决定什么呢  But what, l can't decide
为什么他不愿成为国王？ 我知道他是  Why won't he be the king l know he is?
那个我在内心深处见到的国王  The king l see inside
你能感受到我的爱吗  Can you feel the love tonight?
在夜晚带来的宁静中  The peace the evening brings
所有万物  The world for once
在这一刻充满完美和谐  ln perfect harmony
所有的生命也如此安宁  With all its living things
你能感受到我的爱吗  Can you feel the love tonight?
你不必苦苦寻求  You needn't look too far
夜色朦胧 我们能在一起  Stealing through The night's uncertainties
爱会伴随着我们  Love is where they are
如果他今晚坠入了爱河  And if he falls in love tonight
事情也就毋庸置疑  It can be assumed
他与我们的那些无忧无虑的日子  His carefree days
都会成为历史  With us are history
总之  我们朋友一场  ln short, our pal
注定要分离  Is doomed
你觉得这里怎么样？  Isn't this a great place?
这里好美哦  It is beautiful
但是有一件事我不了解  But I don't understand something
你既然一直都还活着  You've been alive all this time
你为什么不回荣耀之石呢？  Why didn't you come back to Pride Rock?
这...我只是想靠自己站起来 过自己的生活  Well, I just needed to get out on my own, live my own life
我这么做了 真的很棒  And I did, and it's great
可是家里那边真的很需要你  We've really needed you at home
没有人需要我   我们需要  你是国王  No one needs me   Yes, we do  You're the king
能不能不要再提了 我不是国王 刀疤才是  Nala, we've been through this I'm not the king Scar is
辛巴，他让那些鬣狗 接管了荣耀之地  Simba, he let the hyenas take over the Pride Lands
什么？   所有的一切都毁了  What?    Everything's destroyed
没有食物、没有水  There's no food, no water
辛巴  如果你再不做点什么 大家都会饿死的  Simba, if you don't do something soon, everyone will starve
我不能回去   为什么？  I can't go back   Why?
你不会明白的    有什么我不会明白？  You wouldn't understand  What wouldn't  I understand?
不...这些都不重要     哈库拉 玛塔塔  No, no, no It doesn't matter  Hakuna matata
什么？  What?
哈库拉玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
是我在这儿学到的 有的时候 会发生一些不好的事情  It's something I learned out here Sometimes bad things happen
辛巴  Simba
而你根本就无能为力 所以你干嘛担心呢？  and there's nothing you can do about it So why worry?
你不认为那是你的责任吗？  Because it's your responsibility
那么你呢？你也离开了  what about you? You left
我离开是为了求救 而我找到了你  I left to find help, and I found you
你还不明白吗？你是我们唯一的希望  Don't you understand? You're our only hope
抱歉！ 你到底是怎么了？  Sorry What's happened to you?
你不再是我记忆中的辛巴了 你说的对 我不是  You're not the Simba I remember You're right I'm not
现在你满意了吗？不！我只是非常失望  Now are you satisfied? No Just disappointed
你知道吗？ 你说话口气开始像我父亲了  You know, you're starting to sound like my father
很好！  至少我们有人像他  Good   at least one of us does
听着 你以为你的出现 就能改变我现在的生活吗？  Listen You think you can just show up and tell me how to live my life?
你根本不知道我经历了什么  You don't even know what I've been through
如果你肯告诉我 我愿意...  I would if you'd just tell me
别提这事了！ 很好  Forget it!   Fine!
她错了 我不能回去  She's wrong I can't go back
事情都已经发生了  回去又能证明什么呢？  What would it prove, anyway? It won't change anything
你改变不了过去  You can't change the past
你说过你会永远在那里指引着我  You said you'd always be there for me!
可是你没有  But you're not
都是因为我  And it's because of me
是我的错  It's my fault
Asante sana, squash banana
We we nugu, imi mi apana
Asante sana, squash banana
We we nugu, imi mi apana
Asante sana, squash banana
We we nugu, imi mi apana
Asante sana, squash banana We we nugu, imi mi apana
拜托你停一下，好吗？  Come on, will you cut it out?
他停不下来 他会再回来的  Can't cut it out It'll grow right back!
可恶的小猴子 你能不能不要再跟踪我了  Creepy little monkey Will you stop following me?
你是谁呀？问题是...你是谁呀？  Who are you? The question is, who are you?
我以为我知道  现在我不确定了  I thought I knew Now I'm not so sure
我知道你是谁 来，这是秘密  Well, I know who you are Come here It's a secret
Asante sana, squash banana
够了 你说这些到底什么意思？  Enough ! What is that supposed to mean?
这表示你是狒狒 我不是  It means you are a baboon, and I'm not
我看你是有点老糊涂了  I think you're a little confused
错了 老糊涂的人不是我  Wrong ! I'm not the one who's confused
你连你是谁都不知道 噢，那我想你知道我是谁啦  You don't even know who you are And I suppose you know
当然 你是木法沙的孩子  Sure do You're Mufasa's boy
拜拜   嘿！  等等...  Bye    Hey   wait!
你以前认识我爸爸？  You knew my father?
纠正一下 我现在还认识他  Correction, I know your father
我很不想这么说  I hate to tell you this,
但是他死了好久了  but he died a long time ago
不，又错了  Nope Wrong again !
他还活着 我可以带你去看他  He's alive, and I'll show him to you
你跟着拉飞奇 他知道怎么走 跟我来  You follow old Rafiki He knows the way Come on !
别拖拖拉拉的... 快点啦  Don't dawdle Hurry up!
嘿  噢  等等 等等  快点  快点  Hey, whoa, wait, wait Come on Come on !
慢一点好吗？  Would you slow down?
站住  Stop!
往下看  Look down there
那不是我爸爸 那只是我的倒影  That's not my father That's just my reflection
不...  No
仔细看  Look harder
你看  You see?
他活在你心中  He lives in you
辛巴  Simba
爸爸  Father?
辛巴，你已经忘了我  Simba, you have forgotten me
不！我怎么忘得了  No How could I?
你已经忘了你是谁 也忘了我  You have forgotten who you are, and so have forgotten me
看看你自己的内心，辛巴  Look inside yourself, Simba
你真不该是现在这个样子  You are more than what you have become
你一定要在生命之圈中找到你自己的位置  You must take your place in the circle of life
我怎么能回去呢？ 我已经不是以前的我了  How can I go back? I'm not who I used to be
要记住你是谁  Remember who you are
你是我儿子   一位真正的国王  You are my son and the one true king
要记住你是谁  Remember who you are
不！求求你 不要离开我  No! Please, don't leave me!
要记住  Remember
爸 记住...  Father! Remember!
不要离开我  Don't leave me
记住...  Remember
那是什么？嘿嘿...  What was that?
这天气  The weather
咦 非常特别  你觉得呢？  是啊  Very peculiar, don't you think? Yeah
看来风向好像要改变了  Looks like the winds are changing
哦  改变是好的  Oh  Change is good
是呀！但是并不容易  Yeah, but it's not easy
我知道我必须做些什么  但是...  I know what I have to do, But
回去就表示 我必须面对我的过去  Going back means I'll have to face my past
我逃避过去已经逃了那么久了  I've been running from it for so long
天呐   你这是干嘛？  Jeez!  What was that for?
那并不重要  它都过去了  It doesn't matter It's in the past
是呀！但是我还是会心痛  Yeah, but it still hurts
哦   没错  过去是痛楚的  Oh  Yes, the past can hurt
但是依我看   你可以选择逃避它  But the way I see it you can either run from it
或向它学点什么  or learn from it
哈...你学会了  那你接下来要干嘛？  You see? So what are you going to do?
首先   我要拿走你的拐杖  First, I'm gonna take your stick
不 不 不 不！你别拿我拐杖  No, no, no, no! Not the stick!
嘿   你到哪儿去呀？  我要回去了  Hey! Where are you going? I'm going back!
好样的 加油  离开这里  Good ! Go on ! Get out of here!
嘿 嘿  醒醒  Hey Hey, wake up
没事  喔  喔   没事  是我！  It's okay! Whoa, whoa! It's okay! It's me!
以后不要再这样吓我们了  Don't ever do that again
肉食动物！  Carnivores!
你们有没有看到辛巴？ 我还以为他跟你在一起  Have you guys seen Simba? I thought he was with you
刚才是   但是我现在找不到他 他在哪里啊？  He was, but now I can't find him Where is he?
你在这里是找不到他的  You won't find him here!
国王已经归国了  The king has returned
我真不敢相信    他回去了  I can't believe it   He's gone back!
回去？你什么意思？  Gone back? What do you mean?
嘿！这到底怎么回事？  Hey, what's goin' on here?
那猴子是谁？  辛巴要回去向刀疤挑战  Who's the monkey? Simba went back to challenge Scar
谁？ 刀疤  Who? Scar
谁身上有刀疤？  不 不 不  是他叔叔  Who's got a scar?  No No No, it's his uncle
那猴子是他叔叔？   不  The monkey's his uncle?  No!
辛巴要回去向他叔叔挑战 并且取得合法王位  Simba's gone back to challenge his uncle to take his place as king
辛巴，等等  Simba, wait up!
很可怕，对不对？ 你跟我说的时候 我并不愿意相信  It's awful, isn't it? I didn't want to believe you
是什么让你想回来的？  What made you come back?
因为我的理智终于被敲醒了  I finally got some sense knocked into me
我头上还有包可以证明呢！  and I've got the bump to prove it
话说回来这是我的国度  Besides, this is my kingdom
如果我不为它而战 还有谁会？  If I don't fight for it, who will?
我会  这是很危险的  I will It's gonna be dangerous
危险？哼！ 我会当面嘲笑危险 哈哈...  Danger? I laugh in the face of danger
我觉得这件事一点也不好笑  I see nothing funny about this
丁满、彭彭 你们来这儿干嘛？  Timon ! Pumbaa! What are you doing here?
我们随时为陛下服务  At your service, my liege
哦，我们就为了这些...要向你叔叔挑战？  We're gonna fight your uncle for this?
是的，丁满 这里是我的家  Yes, Timon This is my home
这里是该大肆整顿了  Talk about your fixerupper!
嗯  辛巴  如果这对你很重要 我们一定会支持你到底的  Well, Simba, if it's important to you, we're with you to the end
鬣狗...我恨鬣狗  Hyenas I hate hyenas
要穿过那些家伙 你有什么好计划？  So what's your plan for getting past those guys?
用活的饵 好主意  嘿  Live bait Good idea   Hey!
来吧，丁满 你们去分散他们的注意力  Come on, Timon You guys have to create a diversion
你要我怎么做？ 穿上裙子跳草裙舞吗？  What do you want me to do, dress in drag and do the hula?
假如你要尝尝美味多汁的鲜肉  lf you're hungry for a hunk of fat and juicy meat
远在天边近在眼前不必花心思  Eat my buddy Pumbaa here because he is a treat
这只猪很肥   包你满意  Come on down and dine on this tasty swine
你们只要排队驻足  All you have to do is get in line
你们真想要吗？  砰  砰  砰  Are you achin'   Yep  yep  yep
来 先来一客   砰  砰  砰  For some bacon? Yep  yep  yep
他是只大肥猪  砰  砰  He's a big pig Yep  yep
你们也可以做只大蠢猪  You could be a big pig, too!
娜娜 你先去找我妈 然后集合所有的狮子  Nala, you find my mother and rally the lionesses
我去找刀疤  I'll look for Scar
沙拉碧  Sarabi !
什么事？刀疤  Yes, Scar?
你们的狩猎队呢？ 她们没有尽职地工作  Where is your hunting party? They're not doing their job
刀疤  已经没有食物了  动物们都离开了  Scar  there is no food The herds have moved on
不！  你们只是没有认真找而已  No  you're just not looking hard enough
全完了      这里什么都没有了  It's over   There is nothing left
我们只剩下一个选择  我们必须离开荣耀石  We have only one choice We must leave Pride Rock
我们什么地方都不去  那么你是在判我们死刑  We're not going anywhere You have sentenced us to death
那就去死吧   你不能那么做  Then so be it   You can't do that
我是国王 我爱怎么做就怎么做  I am the king I can do whatever I want
如果你有木法沙王的一半...  If you were half the king Mufasa was
我比木法沙王要强上十倍  I'm ten times the king Mufasa was!
木法沙？  不   你已经死了  Mufasa?   No   you're dead
木法沙？  Mufasa?
不是  是我  No   It is me
辛巴   你还活着？  怎么可能呢？  Simba! You're alive? How can that be?
这不重要   我回来了  It doesn't matter I'm home
辛巴？  Simba?
辛巴！ 看到你还活着 真让我有一点...  Simba! I'm a little surprised to see you
惊讶  alive
给我一个合理的理由  好让我不撕烂你  Give me one good reason why I shouldn't rip you apart
辛巴，你一定要了解  Simba, you must understand
统治一个国度的压力呀！  The pressures of ruling a kingdom
这国度不再是你的了 退位吧，刀疤  Are no longer yours Step down, Scar
哈...是啊 我会的  Well, I would, naturally
当然会啦！ 但是这里有个小问题  However, there is one little problem
看到他们没有？  You see them?
他们认为我是国王  They think I'm king
不  我们不这样认为  辛巴才是合法的国王  Well, we don't    Simba's the rightful king
选择权在你手上  The choice is yours, Scar
要么退位要么战斗  Either step down or fight
难道非要用暴力解决吗？  Must this all end in violence?
我最讨厌为家族成员的死亡负责了  I'd hate to be responsible for the death of a family member
你同意吗？ 辛巴   这些都不管用了  刀疤  Wouldn't you agree  Simba? That's not gonna work  Scar
我已经把它抛在脑后了  I've put it behind me
但是你那些忠实的臣民呢？  But what about your faithful subjects?
她们也忘的掉吗？  Have they put it behind them?
辛巴，他到底在说什么？  Simba, what is he talking about?
哦！你还没有告诉她们 你那个小秘密？  So you haven't told them your little secret
辛巴，现在你有机会告诉她们  Well, Simba, now's your chance to tell them
告诉她们谁应该对木法沙的死负责！  Tell them who is responsible for Mufasa's death
是我  I am
这不是真的  It's not true
告诉我这不是真的  Tell me it's not true
是真的  看吧，他承认了  It's true You see? He admits it!
凶手... 不！那只是个意外  Murderer! No! It was an accident
如果不是为了你 木法沙还会活着  他的死是你的错  If it weren't for you, Mufasa would be alive It's your fault he's dead !
你能否认吗？     不能  Do you deny it?    No
那么你是有罪的了  不  我不是凶手  Then you're guilty  No  I'm not a murderer!
辛巴  你又惹麻烦了  Simba, you're in trouble again,
但是这一回   你爸爸可不会来救你了  but this time daddy isn't here to save you,
现在每个人都知道原因了  and now everyone knows  why!
辛巴  Simba!
现在 这一幕看起来好眼熟  Now  This looks familiar
我以前在哪儿看过呢   我想想看哦！  Where have I seen this before? Let me think
哦！  对了！我记起来了  Oh    Yes   I remember
这正是你爸爸死之前的那个情景  This is just the way your father looked before he died
而这就是我的小秘密  And here's my little secret
是我杀了木法沙  I killed Mufasa
不  啊啊！凶手  No!   Murderer!
不！辛巴，求求你 告诉他们真相  No, Simba, please Tell them the truth
真...相？可真相在旁观者的眼里...  Truth? But truth is in the eye of the behold
好...  All right
是我干的  I did it
让大家都听得见  So they can hear you
我杀了木法沙  I killed Mufasa!
对不起，原谅我，冲过来了 好样的，呼！  Excuse me Pardon me Comin' through Hot stuff
放我出去，放我出去 让我进去，让我进去  Let me out! Let me out! Let me in ! Let me in !
拜托不要吃我  Please, don't eat me
放下他们  Drop 'em !
嘿  那头蠢猪是谁？   你是在叫我吗？  Hey, who's the pig?   Are you talkin' to me?
啊哦 他们叫他蠢猪  你是在叫我吗？  Aoh He called him a pig.    Are you talkin' to me?
真不该那样做    你是在说我吗？  Shouldn't have done that.  Are you talkin' to me?
现在他们得自食其果了   他们都管我叫猪大爷  Now they're in for it.   They call me Mr Pig !
拿着 你这傻瓜  Take that, you stupid
都拿着！  Take that and that!
跑啊   你们这些强盗  Run   you yellowbelly!
凶手    辛巴   辛巴  辛巴!  Murderer  Simba  Simba   please
求求你 求求你大发慈悲  你根本不配活着  Please, have mercy I beg you You don't deserve to live
但...是，辛巴... 我...是...你的家人  But  Simba  I... am... family
那些鬣狗才是我们真正的敌人  It's the hyenas who are the real enemy
都是他们的错 是他们的点子  It was their fault It was their idea
我为什么要相信你？  Why should I believe you?
你告诉我的每一件事都是谎言  Everything you ever told me was a lie
你打算要怎么做呢？  What are you going to do?
你该不会杀了你的亲叔叔吧？  You wouldn't kill your own uncle
不    刀疤  No    Scar
我可不像你  I'm not like you
哦  辛巴  谢谢你 你真是太高尚了  Oh Simba  thank you You are truly noble
我保证会补偿你的 我该怎么做才能向你证明呢？  I'll make it up to you, I promise And how can I prove myself to you?
告诉我什么都行  Tell me I mean  anything
离开这里  Run
跑的远远的  刀疤  Run away    Scar
永远不要再回来  and never return
好的  Yes
当然  Of course
如你所愿  As you wish
国王陛下  your Majesty!
噢   我的朋友们  Oh   My friends!
朋友？   我好像听他说  我们才是他的敌人  Friends? I thought he said we were the enemy
是啊！我也是这么听到的  Yeah That's what I heard
艾德？  Ed?
不    我可以解释 不  你们并不了解  No Let me explain   No  you don't understand !
不...我不是故意的  不  不  No, I didn't mean   No! No!
是时候了  It is time
要记住  Remember
直到我们在这漫漫人生长路  Till we find our place
找到自己的归宿  On the path unwinding
在这轮回  In the circle
生命的轮回之中  The circle of life
是生生不息啊  Circle of Life


