狮子王3
Nants ingonyama
Bagithi baba
Sithi uhhmm ingonyama
Ingonyama
菜单上有什么  What's on the menu??
酸橘汁腌鱼  It could be ceviche
臭臭的   那是彭彭  Stinky-oo  it's Pumbaa
Ingonyama
我告诉你  丁满  I got to tell you  Timon
那一首歌总是 吸引我到这里来  that song always gets me right here
是啊  彭彭  Yeah  Pumbaa
好了  够了  Well  enough of that.
嗯   丁满   你做什么  Uh  Timon  what are you doing?
我在快进 到我们出现的地方  I'm fast forwarding to the part where we come in.
但是你不能 弄乱了次序  But you can't go out of order.
才怪    我的猪大爷  Au contraire  my porcine pal.
遥控器在我手里  I've got the remote.
但是会把大家弄 糊涂的  But everyone's going to get confused.
我们还是从 故事的开头开始吧  We got to go back to the beginning of the story.
故事开始的时候没有我们  We're not in the beginning of the story.
谁说的，我们在  一直都在  Yes  we were... the whole time.
谁说的，我们在  一直都在  Yes  we were... the whole time.
是啊 但是他们不知道  Yeah  but they don't know that.
那么为什么我们不 告诉他们我们的故事  Then why don't we tell them our story?
嗨  我有个主意  Hey  I've got an idea.
我们何不告诉他们 我们的故事  Why don't we tell them our story?
哦  我赞成  Oh  I like the sound of that.
一点幕后故事  A little backstage tour.
给他们看看幕后 不为人知的故事  Take them behind the scenes for a revealing and intimate look...
目睹这个故事 亲历这个故事  at the story within the story.
因为他们所不知道的正是 我们怎会在那里  Because what they don't know is how we really were there...
尽管他们不知道 但是我们就是在那里，你搞清楚！  even though they didn't know we were there  you know?
恐怕还是我自己来讲好些  Couldn't have said it better myself.
所以我们要从最开始 讲起  So  does this mean we're going back to the beginning?
所以我们要从最开始 讲起  So  does this mean we're going back to the beginning?
哦  不  彭彭  不  Oh  no  Pumbaa  no.
让我们回到 故事的开始  We're going way back...
一直到故事开始之前  to before the beginning.
狮子王3 : 丁满彭彭历险记
“荣耀之石”  Pride Rock
这么宏伟  So majestic
这么有力  So powerful
这么古怪的名字  So bizarrely named
彭彭   一块岩石有什么可骄傲的 它是一块岩石  Pumbaa  how can a rock be proud? It's a rock.
我想可能是因为一群 被称作“骄子”的狮子吧  I think it's because a pride is what they call a group of lions.
哦  这样   那群狮子让“岩石”骄傲  Oh  sure  the lions get Pride Rock.
那我们呢   猫鼬  And what about us meerkats?
我从哪里来？ 那可没什么可值得骄傲的  Where I come from  we didn't have nothing to be proud of.
为什么  Why... ahem.
当我还是一个 年轻的猫鼬  When I was a young meerkat?
当他还是一个 年轻的猫鼬  When he was a young meerkat?
很好  Very nice
谢谢  Thanks.
但是安全起见  But maybe it would be safer...
我还是告诉他们 我来的地方的好  if I just show them where I came from.
哦  兄弟! 我们能看看 你长大的地方么  Oh  boy! Do we get to see where you grew up?
是的  彭彭   但是它不漂亮  Yeah  Pumbaa  but it ain't pretty.
镜头动的时候   请坐着别动  Please remain seated while the camera is in motion
就是这了  Here we are
从“荣耀之石” 到可耻的陷阱  From Pride Rock to the pit of shame
我们是食物链的低端   我们待在地下  We're so low on the food chain  we're underground
但是你不必 理我这些话  But you don't have to take my word for it
还是让我的 猫鼬朋友们来说  I'll just let my fellow meerkats do the talking
那是什么   到底是什么  What was that  what was what
那是什么   那是什么  What was that  what was that
哪里  什么  哪里  哪里   那是什么  Where  what  where  where  What was that
嘘!  Shh!
快的   在鬣狗来之前  Quick  before the hyena come
安全  Clear.
挖隧道   挖  挖隧道  Dig a tunnel  dig  dig a tunnel
当你完成了   你挖了一个大点的隧道  When you're done  you dig a bigger tunnel
挖隧道   挖  挖隧道  Dig a tunnel  dig  dig a tunnel
快的   在鬣狗来之前  Quick  before the hyena come
快的   在鬣狗来之前  Quick  before the hyena come
挖  挖隧道   挖  挖隧道  Dig  dig a tunnel  dig  dig a tunnel
你可以挖 而且永远也完不了  You could dig and never get done
挖隧道   挖  挖隧道  Dig a tunnel  dig  dig a tunnel
那是什么  What was that
快的在 被来的鬣狗  挖  Quick before the hyena come dig
挖隧道 这就是我们要做的活计  Dig a tunnel is what we do
生活就象一条隧道   我们没完没了地挖它  Life's a tunnel  we'll dig it  too
挖隧道 就是我们所歌颂的  Dig a tunnel is what we sing
挖隧道 就是生命的一切  Dig a tunnel is everything
泥巴和粘土 是猫鼬的朋友  Mud and clay is a meerkat's friend
每一次弯腰 都有更多的等待着你  Always more around every bend
什么时候才是你 隧道的尽头  And when you get to your tunnel's end
什么时候才是你 隧道的尽头  And when you get to your tunnel's end
哈利路亚   让我们接着挖  挖  Hallelujah  let's dig again  dig
挖隧道   挖  挖隧道  Dig a tunnel  dig  dig a tunnel
挖条大隧道  When it's done  you dig a bigger tunnel
挖隧道   挖  挖隧道  Dig a tunnel  dig  dig a tunnel
那是什么  What was that
赶在鬣狗来之前  Quick  before the hyena come
挖  Dig
丁满! 对不起  Timon! Excuse me.
你看到我的儿子了吗 他来过这里么  Have you seen my son? Has he been through here
丁满!  Timon!
挖  挖隧道  Dig  dig a tunnel
麦斯叔叔  啊!  Uncle Max Aah!
麦斯叔叔  放松  你看到 丁满 了吗  Uncle Max  relax. Have you seen Timon?
不  没看见   这是怎样的一天那  No  I haven't  and what a day it's been.
没断裂   没破口  No fractures  no lacerations...
没乱敲 ，乱打   没有任何伤  no concussions  contusions  or injuries of any sort.
事实上  As a matter of fact
到处都没有 丁满的迹象  there's no sign of Timon's handiwork anywhere.
一定是  That would be...
丁满!  Timon!
呵 呵 呵  Heh heh heh.
嗨    各位哥们  Hey  everybody.
嘿，干的好， 丁满  Ha ha. Nice work  Timon.
该走了  隧道笨蛋   还有谁会弄坏这个洞  Way to go  tunnel klutz.  Who else could break a hole?
一周4次    新纪录  Four in one week... a new record.
别再干了  Not again.
什么 它叫天窗  What? It's called a skylight.
喔  喔  Ho ho.
噢  是不是很有新意  Wow. Isn't that creative?
一扇天窗  哦  A skylight. Oh.
哈哈  Ha ha.
我和他说两句  I'll just have a word with him.
我...    我只是想  I... I was just trying to shed a little light...
给我们痛苦的生活 一点小小的光亮  on our pathetic existence.
丁满  你不能再这么干了  Timon  this can't go on.
仅仅这月   你已经推倒了四面墙  Just this month  you've pulled down four walls...
而且弄塌 二个隧道出口  and collapsed two tunnel exits.
我们必须互相 照顾  We have to look after each other.
我们仰赖隧道生存  Our survival depends on it.
您想说什么 我们所做一切就是挖  What's the point? All we do is dig...
因此我们得以藏身   然后继续挖  so we can hide  and hide so we can dig.
我要去 不须挖隧道的地方  I want to be where we don't have to dig tunnels...
不需要把头埋在砂子里 活着  and live with our heads stuck in the sand.
梦想有一个更好的家有什么不好  What's so bad about dreaming of a better home?
我给你看点东西  I want to show you something.
看  丁满  Look  Timon.
继续  看  Go on  look.
朝着地平线  Look out to the horizon...
越过树  past the trees...
穿过牧场  over the grasslands.
光线所触及的每一样东西  Everything the light touches
都属于其他人  belongs to someone else
真好笑   我想你不是  Funny  I thought you were going
想让我欣赏风景的  a whole different direction with this
我能说什么呢 它是大自然的设计  What can I say? It's nature's design.
她是正确的  我们是其他的动物的食物  She's right. We're food for other animals...
一顿活动美餐  a moveable feast...
没人害怕 所有人都吃我们  feared by no one and eaten by all.
但是当他们死了   他们变成草  But when they die  they become the grass...
而我们吃草，对么  and we eat the grass  right?
不全对  我们不能消化草  Not exactly. We can't digest grass.
我们不吃草  We're grass intolerant.
麦斯谢谢你  OK  Max. Thank you.
你已经帮了很大的忙  You've been a big help.
猫鼬    生来就是别人的食物  Meerkat... it's what's for dinner.
谢谢你   麦斯叔叔  Thank you  Uncle Max.
啊  Uhh.
我认为Max 叔叔头脑秀逗了  I think uncle Max dislodged one too many rocks with his skull.
但是他是正确的  丁满  But he's right  Timon.
哦   我知道的让你在这里生存 的唯一的方法  Oh  I just know there's a way for you to fit in here.
好拉   今天该谁放哨  All right  who's on sentry duty?
好啦  That's it.
对啦    让我儿子放哨  That's it... my son on sentry duty.
丁满 放哨  Timon the sentry.
丁满 放哨  Timon the sentry?
你何不让鬣狗 直接杀了我  Why don't you save the hyenas the trouble and kill me now?
现在就杀我了吧  Just kill me now.
他说的有道理  He has a point.
你要做的就是注意鬣狗  如果发现了就大声叫  All you have to do is watch for hyenas and yell if you see one.
看着小乔  Look at Iron Joe.
不要闭眼睛! 不要东张西望!  Don't close your eyes! Don't look away!
应该有人来保卫我们!  Somebody's got to guard us!
应该有人来保卫我们!  Somebody's gotta protect us!
好吧，现在我被说服了  Well  now I'm convinced.
听  外面  Listen  it's outside...
在开阔天空下 在微风中飞舞  up in the breeze  under the wide open sky.
这不就是你想要的么  Isn't that what you want?
或许你 想让他  Or maybe you would rather have him...
回去挖洞  go back on the digging crew.
不!  No!
好的  我们都同意  Good  then we all agree.
丁满  听麦斯叔叔讲  Timon  listen to Uncle Max.
他将会教你 所有你需要知道的事情  He'll teach you everything you need to know.
宝贝   试着做  And  honey  try to make this one work.
快跑  闻  急停!  Scurry  sniff  flinch!
快跑  闻  急停!  Scurry  sniff  flinch!
快跑  闻  急停!  Scurry  sniff  flinch!
好的  现在  Good. Now...
如果我们看到一个鬣狗 我们怎么办  what do we do if we see a hyena?
尖叫声  "妈咪"  Scream  "Mommy"?
尖叫声  "妈咪"  Scream  "Mommy"?
很对  先生  That's right  mister...
因为外面的世界 充满着危险  because the world out there is fraught with danger.
到处都是  知道么!  Fraught  I tell you!
哦  孩子  真的很危险  Oh  boy. It's the fraught fest.
... 把我们碎尸万段  ...rip us limb from limb.
利害  麦斯叔叔  Bravo  Uncle Max
打把式卖艺的 也这么干  Way to sell it to the cheap seats.
鼓掌  宝贝  Applaud now  sonny boy...
但是你没有手 怎么鼓掌呢  but try clapping when you don't have any hands.
快跑，闻，急停  Scurry  sniff  flinch.
快跑，闻，急停  Scurry  sniff  flinch.
快跑，闻，急停  Scurry  sniff  flinch.
哼!  Huh.
我喜欢那声音  I like the sound of that.
快跑，闻，急停  Scurry  sniff  flinch.
快跑，闻，急停  Scurry  sniff  flinch.
快跑，闻，急停  Scurry  sniff  flinch.
快跑，闻，急停  Scurry  sniff  flinch.
生活不只是恐慌  There's more to life than panic
还有变成其他家伙的点心  讨厌鬼  And bein' some other guy's snack  yuck
我可能是很好吃的食物  I may be delicious organic
但是这个小家伙也会反击  But this little entree's fighting back
我再也不 挖洞了  I'm gonna put digging tunnels behind me
用另一种方式生活  And live at a new altitude
我要让星星 提醒我  I'm gonna reach for the stars to remind me
猫鼬 不只是食物  That meerkats are not merely food
替我看着点  Lookin' out for me
是的  我将告诉你 我要什么  Yeah  I'll tell you what I want
这只猫在前进  This cat is movin' on
他是一个缺少好运的 上等人  He's a bon vivant who's missin' out on bon
我将会是变成 远离荒凉的奇迹  I'd be a bigger cheese far from the desert scene
微冷的轻风   一小片绿色  A little cooling breeze  a little patch of green
而且我将在我的吊床中小憩  And I'll be snoozing in my hammock
在一条潋滟的小溪边  By a rippling stream
远离任何一条隧道 和挖洞的人们  Many miles from any tunnel and the digging team
寻找第一 是我唯一的信条  Looking after number one will be my only creed
寻找第一 是我唯一的信条  Looking after number one will be my only creed
那就是我所要一切  That's all I need
那就是我所要一切  That's all I need
那就是我所要一切  That's all I need
我的长项一直是 逃跑  I've always been good at running away
好吧， 现在我要来一场表演  Well  now I'm gonna run to show
我总是被当作 最卑微的猎物  I've always been seen as the ultimate prey
但是现在我再不那末可怜  But now my status ain't so quo
一个梦想的升华  A dream sublime
现在是鬣狗时间    噢!  It's hyena time... oh!
哦  看   一顿晚餐和一场表演  Oh  look  it's dinner and a show.
我以为豆子是 唯一的一种音乐食物  And I thought beans were the only musical food.
嘿-嘿-嘿  Hy-hy-hy...
嘿-嘿-嘿  Hy-hy-hy...
好，嗨你个头  Well  hi to you  too.
噢  好的  Ow. OK.
现在没时间开玩笑， 丁满  This is no time for horseplay  Timon.
你应该在上面 看着鬣狗  You're supposed to be up there looking out for...
鬣狗!  Hyenas!
哇  看他们乱的  Whoa  look at them scramble.
这正是 为什么我喜欢他们  And that's just how I like them...
混乱  Scrambled...
而且柔软多汁  And a little bit runny.
鬣狗!  Hyenas!
进来  Get in here.
你是什么  疯子？  What are you  a meshugginah?
哇!  Whoa!
斯达姆?   弗兰奇?   史威夫蒂?  Stumpy?   Flinchy?   Swifty?
哦   轻松多了  Oh  what a relief.
所有人  Everybody's...
麦斯叔叔哪去了  Where's Uncle Max?
麦斯! 玩命逃!  Max! Run for your life!
死亡游戏!  Play dead!
就快到了!  iAndale  Almost there!
山羊皮是 金秋的时尚  Suede is the look for this fall.
嗨   怎么啦  Hey  what's going on?
彭彭  你坐着 在遥控器上了  Pumbaa  you're sitting on the remote.
哦  抱歉  我当它是一块核仁巧克力饼了  Huh? Oh  sorry. I thought it was a brownie.
你办到了 麦斯!  You've got it  Max!
麦斯!  Max!
当我应该向前飞奔 的时候我急停了  I flinched when I should've scurried.
嘿嘿! 哦  天啊  Ha ha! Oh  man.
总是很有趣 是吧  是不是  It just never gets old  does it?
这游戏总是玩不腻  宝贝  Ooh  the classics never do  honey.
我  唔  I  uh
我想我应该向所有人道歉  I guess I owe everyone an apology.
好    我犯了一个幼稚的错误  All right  so I made a teensy mistake.
好像我们都从来 没在放哨的时候放声高歌似的  Like we all haven't broken into song on sentry duty before.
哈哈哈，来吧  Ha ha ha. Come on.
握握手  Let me have a show of hands.
好吧  OK.
也许它是 有点儿太快  Maybe it's a little too soon
但是我相信将来 我们都会对今天的事情发笑的  but I'm sure we're all going to laugh about this someday.
相信我  Trust me.
我信任过你  I did trust you.
但是  But...
哦  Ohh.
欧 ，亲爱的  Aw  sweetie...
我根本 不适合这里  I'm never going to fit in here.
没人喜欢我  Nobody even likes me.
他们当然喜欢你，宝贝  真的  Sure they do  honey. Sure they do.
除了你  妈妈  Besides you  Ma.
唔  除我之外 唔  那是  Uh  besides me? Um  there's...
我必须找到我自己的位置   但是它不在这里  I have to find my place  but it isn't here.
不   它在  我们只是还不发现它  Yes  it is. We just haven't found it yet.
但是我们会的  But we will.
哦  我有个主意  你可以  Oh  here's an idea. You can...
别摸我的头了  我的位置不在这里 妈妈  Stop with the hair already. My place is out there  Mom.
哦   我可能不知道到底在哪里 或着到底多远，但是我要走了  Oh  I may not know exactly where or how far  but I got to go.
不  等等，等等，等等  我知道  如果我们  No  wait  wait  wait. I know. If we just...
妈妈  Ma.
好吧，我希望你找到 你要找寻的  宝贝  Well  I hope you find what you're looking for  honey.
呜  呜  我爱你  呣!  Ooh. Ooh  I love you. Mmm!
我爱你  妈妈  I love you  Ma.
哦  小丁满  Oh  Timmy.
我的小丁满  My Timmy.
呣  呣!  Mmm. Mmm!
妈  Mom...
呜     我窒息了  喘不上来气  Ooh...  Choking. Not breathing.
呜!  Ooh!
呣 ， 呣  呣!  Mmm  mmm  mmm!
人们总是奇怪 为什么我总有问题  And people wonder why I have issues.
哦  我会好起来的  Oh  I'll be OK.
哦  我知道你会  你一定会  Oh  I know you will. You will.
小心  Be careful!
我会  I will.
不要和陌生人说话!  Don't talk to strangers!
我知道了  妈  I know  Ma!
记着   洗你的耳朵后面!  Remember  wash behind your ears!
妈  我不再是一个小孩了!  Ma  I'm not a kid anymore!
不要 单独去游泳!  Never go swimming without a buddy!
记住了  Got it.
噢  Oy.
什么  What?
什么!  What?!
再见  妈妈  Good-bye  Ma.
就这样 情绪高昂  And so  with high spirits
我开始了大胆的冒险  I boldly ventured off
去那些无人 敢去的地方  where no meerkat had dared to go before
我作别过去    哈!  I put my past behind me... ha!
不再回头  And never looked back
妈咪! 妈咪!  Mommy! Mommy!
啊! 哈哈!  Aah! Ha ha!
啊!  哈哈!  Aah! Ha ha!
我在做什么  What am I doing?
我应该去哪一方  Which way should I go?
这要看你怎么想  That depends on what you think.
多方便  How convenient.
最恰当的时候 无所不知的猴子就出场了  Enter omniscient monkey  right on cue.
好吧，你知道古人怎么说  Well  you know what they say.
当学生准备好的时候   老师就出现了  When the student is ready  the teacher appears.
没错  不会再有 天上掉馅饼了  That's it. No more fortune cookies for you.
嗨， 你从哪里来  Hey  where'd you come from?
哦  应该问   你要去哪里  Oh  the better question is  where are you going?
哦  某个棒极了的地方   先生  那里  Oh  someplace wonderful  mister  where...
你正好没听到 那首歌  You didn't happen to catch the song...
我几分钟以前唱的   对不对  I sang a few minutes ago  did you?
我没那么荣幸  I didn't have the pleasure.
简单的说  我想 到外面找一个优美的地方生活  To recap  I want to live in some beautiful place outside...
一个无忧无虑的地方那里 我不须躲藏也没有烦恼  a carefree place where I don't have to hide or worry.
没有烦恼的生活  Life without worry.
你在找 哈库拉 玛嗒嗒  You seek hakuna matata.
用鱼叉叉一个蕃茄  Harpoon a tomato?
哈库拉 玛嗒嗒  Hakuna matata...
它的意思是 "没有烦恼."  it means "No worries."
好极了 你不介意 用那根棍子  Perfect. Mind taking that stick of yours...
给我画一个地图  小弟弟  and drawing me a map  bub?
哦! 嗨!  Ow! Hey!
要找它  你必须能够超越你的目光  To find it  you must look beyond what you see.
那堆废话到底 是什么意思  What the heck is that supposed to mean?
它的意思你必须能够 超越自我  It means look beyond what you see.
超越你的目光  Beyond what I see.
哈，好像这个猴子给了我一大堆道理  Ha. Get a load of the monkey getting all existential on me.
超越你的目光  Beyond what I see.
超越你的目光  Beyond what I see
超越你的目光  Beyond what I see
在这样的音乐下 我根本就无法思考  It's kind of hard to think with all this music.
超越  Beyond
所见  what I see
哦  等一下  Oh  wait a second.
我懂了  It's coming to me.
如果不是福至心头 就是神明启示  It's either that slug I ate or I'm having an epiphany.
我要去 那个大尖石!  I'm going to the big pointy rock!
对吗？  Right?
那来的奇怪猴子  Who was that strange monkey?
啊  好的  Ah  well.
梦乡  我来了  Dream home  here I come.
啊   喔  Ah... oh.
在吗？  Hello?
奇怪的但是明智的猴子  Strange but wise monkey
你  知道第一 印象非常重要  You know  first impressions are very important
哦  我 想你在大叫  Oh  I thought you were a scream
现在就吃了我吧    只求你快点  Just eat me now... and please make it fast.
我我不太能忍痛  I got a low threshold for pain.
别怕  别怕  小家伙  我不吃你  Easy  easy there  little guy. I'm not going to eat you.
什么 你不吃我  What? You're not?
那为什么你 偷偷摸摸的靠近我  Then why were you stalking me?
好吧   我看见你经过  Well  gee  I saw you go by...
而且我想 像你这样的小家伙  and I figured a little fellow like you
不应该一个人 外出  shouldn't be out here all alone
嗨   那你呢 你也是一个人  Hey  what about you? You're all alone.
你一个人  是不是？  You are all alone  aren't you?
是的  大多数的动物 都不靠近我  Yeah. Most animals give me a pretty wide berth.
真的？包括那些饥饿的猛兽？  They do? Even the hungry ones?
是的  几乎所有的人 都望风而逃  Yeah. I drive almost everyone away.
他们总是嫌跑得太慢  People see me coming  and they run for cover.
他们不能逃跑 方法快速的充足  They can't get out of the way fast enough.
你不要说了    你不要说了  You don't say  you don't say.
一定是你獠牙上的 寒光，哼!  Must be the gleam on those vicious tusks  huh?
让他们深深的恐惧  Strikes fear into their hearts.
实际上，他们 说我坏了他们的胃口  Actually  they say I wreck their appetite.
呜呜声  好像你有 很特别的力量  Wow. It's like you have this... this special power.
特别的力量  Special power?
是的，相当有力   好  Well  it's pretty powerful  all right.
好极了  我雇你  Perfect. You're hired.
很棒! 为什么  Great! For what?
带我到那个没有烦恼的天堂  To get me to a little worry-free haven...
就在那块大尖岩石  out by that big pointy rock.
你想让我和你一起去？  And you want me to come with you?
哈哈! 你看这里还有 别的可爱的  Ha ha! Do you see any other big lovable...
大猪  chunk of warthog here...
也有寒光闪闪的獠牙  who also happens to have razor-sharp tusks...
也能驱散那些食肉动物  and the ability to repel predators?
为您效劳  I'm your pig.
你和我  我能看得出    我们很投脾气  You and me  I can tell... we see eye to eye.
你是说，像朋友  You mean  like friends?
哇  别紧张  大朋友  Whoa  easy there  big fella.
我是说 我们认识  I'd say more like... acquaintances.
哦  Oh.
好吧，刚开始认识  Well  it's a start.
握握手  老朋友  Put 'er there  acquaintance.
我是 丁满    彭彭  I'm Timon.  Pumbaa.
不  真的  No  really.
好   然后  All right  then.
让我们上路  Let's hit the road.
遵命  You got it...
老伙计  acquaintance.
那么  帮我弄清楚  So  clear up one thing for me.
你竟然不 吃我  If you weren't going to eat me...
你到底是一只什么样的 奇怪野猪  what kind of a wacky  wild pig are you?
我吃虫子的  I'm an insectivore.
哦!   一个吃虫的  Oh ho! A bug eater.
我也是  Well  me  too.
我只是不知道该怎么说  I just never had a name for it.
我自己比较喜欢家畜  I'm kind of partial to the crawly critters myself.
你呢  大男孩  我喜欢那些有翅膀的  How about you  big boy?  I prefer the ones with wings.
彭彭  这可能是 美丽的开始  Pumbaa  this could be the start of a beautiful...
老友记  acquaintanceship.
Nants ingonyama
好了现在我们 回到故事的开始了  OK  so now we're back at the beginning
没错  丁满  Right  Timon?
哦  你说对了   兄弟  Oh  you got that right  pally
Ingonyama
终于   看到了一点曙光  At last  things were looking up
太阳照在我的肩上   清风围绕在我的脚边  I had the sun on my shoulders  the wind at my heels
我忍不住要歌唱  A song in my heart
啊!  啊!  Aah!  Aah!
保护我   你这个大肥猪  And to protect me  a great big fat guy
你真的认为我看起来很胖  You really think I look fat?
啊  彭彭 ， 彭彭 ， 彭彭  Uhh. Pumbaa  Pumbaa  Pumbaa.
你是猪  那是一个称赞  You're a pig. It's a compliment.
哦  谢谢你  Oh  thank you.
这就是生生不息  It's the circle of life
感动你我  And it moves us all
到了    那个大尖石  There it is... the big pointy rock.
哦  宝贝  我们快到了  Oh  baby  we're almost there.
我想 我们有点晚了  I think we're a little late
到处都是人  It's a land rush.
那个大嘴猴子  That loudmouth monkey.
他 一定是 跟所有人都说了  He must've blabbed it to the whole world.
他到底说了什么  What exactly did he say?
超越你的目光  Look beyond what you see.
所以你应该看看 大尖石上面  So maybe you're supposed to look beyond the big pointy rock.
也许我应该看看 大尖石的上面  Maybe I'm supposed to look beyond the big pointy rock.
嗯？  好吧  Hmm?  Well...
让我们看看   是不是  let's have a little look  shall we?
超越你的目光  Beyond what I see.
超越你的目光  Beyond what I see
超越你的目光  Beyond what I see
喂!  Oh ho!
你看到什么  What do you know?
那个猴子真是 未卜先知!  The monkey's got an eagle eye for real estate!
丁满  看!  Timon  look!
嗨! 那只猴子!  He-he-hey! It's the monkey!
他拿着什么  What's that he's holding up?
哇   谁会在乎   它不重要  Aw  who cares? It's not important.
快点 ! 我梦中的家园还等着我呢  Come on! My dream home awaits.
呃    我不想挤过去  Uh... I don't do so well in crowds.
也许我们最好绕道走  Maybe we better go around.
你不知道 我和梦想之间的  Don't you know the shortest distance...
最短距离  between me and my dream home...
是一条直线吗 跟着我!  is a straight line? Follow me!
哦!  对不起  Oh!  Excuse me.
噢   天哪  Ow.  Goodness.
让让  让让!  Make room  make room!
看着点  小家伙  Watch it  twiggy.
让我过去!  I'm walkin' here!
啊咳  丁满!  Ahem  Timon!
有些事情 我必须告诉你  There's something I gotta tell you
彭彭   彭彭   彭彭  Pumbaa  Pumbaa  Pumbaa.
等我们安顿下来 我们有很多时间来聊  We'll have plenty of time to chat once we settle in.
我真的要好好休息一下  I could really use a rest stop.
别担心  你很快会恢复的  Don't worry. You'll get your second wind.
哦! 我真的 感觉差极了!  Ohh! I got a really bad feeling!
它会过去的!  It'll pass!
信我  它会过去的  Trust me. It'll pass.
哦  看   犀牛在鞠躬  Oh  look  the rhinos are bowing.
呜  我们最好也鞠躬  Ooh  we'd better bow  too.
看   先生  他们为 他们的皇子而跪  Look  sire  how they kneel before the royal son.
因此   我猜那是 你的特别力量  嗯!  So  I guess that's your special power  huh?
好酷的武器!  What a weapon!
呃 你是说  你不在乎  Uh  you mean  you don't mind?
哈哈    你在开玩笑吗  Ha ha! Are you kidding?
它只是个屁!    哈哈哈哈!  It was a gas! Ha ha ha ha ha!
好吧，我不喜欢 大吹法螺  Well  I don't like to toot my own horn.
是的  那或许 最好  Yeah  that's probably for the best.
走吧  彭彭!  Let's go  Pumbaa!
带路!  Lead the way!
这就是它  小家伙  This is it  buddy boy
家  甜蜜的家  Home  sweet home
而且我不和任何人分享它  哈哈  And I don't gotta share it with anybody. Ha ha!
难道    在这里你不感到孤独吗？  Don't you get  you know lonely out here?
孤独？     我会感到无忧无虑  Lonely?   Try commitment-free.
挤来挤去的 让我感觉  The elbow-to-elbow life reminds me...
回到了以前的家  a little too much of home.
这里 有一切  This place has everything...
清爽的饮料 舒适的小吊床  cool refreshments  cozy little hammock...
可爱的湖光   这些全都属于我  a lovely water feature  and it's all mine.
好吧   你的梦想都实现了  丁满   所以  呃  Well  it's really coming together  Timon  so  uh...
那么  我想我该走了  so  I guess I'll just be going.
等一会  现在   等一下  Wait a minute  now. Wa-wa-wait.
没规定说 你一定要走  There's no law that says you have to go.
我是说  如果你愿意  I mean  if you want...
好极了! 我已经 造了二张床!  Great! I already made up two beds!
一个给你   而一个给我  One for you  and one for me
天啊  这些整理工作把我累坏了  Gee  all this construction work has me bushed.
我想我该早点上床  Think I'll turn in early.
是的  Yeah.
晚安!  Good night!
睡个好觉  Sleep tight.
祝今晚梦见臭虫  Dream of bedbugs tonight.
家   甜蜜的家，  Home  sweet home indeed
嗨  小点声!  Hey  keep it down up there!
我们有邻居 我们应该去打个招呼  We have neighbors? We should go say hello.
吵人的邻居  Noisy neighbors.
看来要算算帐  There go the property values.
我们在人群中欣赏 在翅膀上聆听  Let's hear it in the herd and on the wing
那是 国王辛巴最好的赞美  It's gonna be King Simba's finest fling
哦  我多想尝尝 当大王的感受  Oh  I just can't wait to be king
哦  好极了  我们 搬到戏院了  Oh  perfect. We moved to the theater district.
这些家伙还叠罗汉  Get a load of these guys.
滚蛋!  Knock it off!
等不了了么  ? Just can't wait?
丁满  小心!  Timon  look out!
当国王  To be king?
啊!  Aah!
我很好  I'm OK.
哦  哟  Oy. Phew.
演员  Show people.
哇!  Whoa!
我们的梦想家园 就在这里的某个地方  Our dream home's around here somewhere.
你知道  丁满   我曾经偶然发现一个地方  You know  Timon  I once came across a place...
那可能正好是 你找寻的地方  that might be just what you're looking for.
壮观的瀑布  Spectacular waterfalls...
座落在一片苍翠繁茂的 热带绿洲  set in a lush tropical oasis
一个奇妙的  a scrumptious array of...
嗨  嗨  忘了吧  彭彭  Hey  hey. Forget it  Pumbaa.
我很现实，我不去 追寻幻想  I'm a realist  and I'm not gonna go chasing after some fantasy.
我只要超越 我所看到的  I'm going beyond what I see.
但是如果你总是 超越你所见到的  But if you always go beyond what you see...
你怎么知道 什么时候你找到了你的梦乡  how do you know when you're there?
哦  我会告诉你 我怎么知道的  Oh  I'll tell you how I know.
就是那里!  We're there!
好漂亮  This is a lovely spot.
古朴的风景  Lovely  rustic  picturesque.
家  我甜蜜的家， 彭彭  嗯  Home  sweet home  Pumbaa. Mm-hmm.
家   甜蜜的家  Home  sweet ho...
哎呀! 啊哈哈!  Whoop! Ah ha ha ha!
我    我是说  的确   它需要加工一下  I... I mean  sure  it needs a little work...
但是它的确是块好骨头  but it's got good bones.
嘿嘿嘿! 无论如何   这是一个象冢  Ha ha ha! After all  this is an elephant graveyard...
而且谁会 到一个象冢来  and who would ever come to an elephant graveyard?
先生  鬣狗 在追那个孩子!  Sire  the hyenas are after the children!
我看到好多食肉动物  I see carnivores.
超越目光  Beyond what you see.
超越目光  嘿嘿嘿嘿嘿!  Beyond what you see. Ha ha ha ha ha!
超越目光!  Beyond what you see!
呜  丁满 倒霉了  Uh  Timon? Would this be a bad time...
想我跟你 提过的那个小地方么  to bring up that little place I told you about?
嗨! 这是家   甜蜜的家  宝贝!  Hey! This is home  sweet home  baby!
家  Home.
噢! 嘿嘿!  Ow! Ha ha!
水蒸气! 嘿嘿! 太好了  Steam! Ha ha! Steam is good.
蒸气是    是    水  Whoo! 我们有水啦  Steam is... is... is water. Whoo! Gotta have water.
你知道   为了梦中家园  You know  for the dream home.
蒸气家园  梦中家园  Steam home  dream home.
蒸气  蒸气  蒸气  Steam  steam  steam
在这里 我太快乐了!  I am perfectly happy right here!
它遥远  隐秘  It's remote  private...
没有不请自来的访客  no unexpected visitors.
我感觉这不是  Somethin' tells me this ain't...
踢踏舞蹈团.  the traveling company of "Riverdance."
超越目光  Beyond what you see.
超越目光  Beyond what you...
嗨  我怎么才能  [Shudders] Hey  how am I supposed...
在那堆东西 超越目光  to look beyond what I see beyond that?
哦  抱歉  Oh  sorry.
这里没有 水和阴凉  What this place lacks in water and shade...
到处是灼热 和使人眩目的阳光  it makes up for with searing heat and blinding sunshine.
家  甜蜜的家， 彭彭  Home  sweet home  Pumbaa.
我们逃命吧？  Shall we run for our lives?
哦  是的  跑啊  Oh  yes  let's.
坚持住，丁满!  Hang on  Timon!
够啦!  This is it!
再见  残酷的世界!  Good-bye  cruel world!
啊!  Uhh!
完了？  That's it?
还不算太坏  That wasn't so bad.
你不会这么容易 就打垮老丁我的!  You can't knock old Timon down that easy!
来吧  Yeah! Bring it on!
呃 彭彭  Uh  Pumbaa?
提问  Question...
你说会不会从 地球的边缘掉下去  is it possible to fall off the edge of the earth?
呃  原理上讲，不会  Uh  technically  no.
地球是圆的 就像一个球， 丁满  The earth is round like a sphere  Timon...
所以它实际上 没有边  so it doesn't actually have an edge.
你不介意我停一会，对不？  You mind if I pause it for a second?
没问题  Sure  go ahead.
马上回来  Be right back.
"它是一个小世界"  "It's a Small World"
世界真是小  It's a small world after all
它是一个小世界 毕竟  It's a small world after all
世界真是小  It's a small  small world
各位  Everybody?
世界真是小  It's a small world after all?
好，我拿了份合餐 我们可以一起吃  OK  I got the jumbo so we could share.
你是不是刚挖了 你的鼻子  Were you just picking your nose?
你是不是刚挖了 你的鼻子  Were you just picking your nose?
不  我只是里面有点痒  No  I had an itch on the inside.
丁满   你还好么  Timon  you OK?
啊  我要放弃了  Uhh. I give up.
呃   但是你不能放弃  Uh  but you can't give up.
我们还没找到 我们的梦中家园呢  We still haven't found our dream home.
忘了它吧   彭彭  Forget it  Pumbaa.
我已经把你拖得够呛了  I've been dragging you down long enough.
我要回家了   最好你也一样  I'm going home  and I suggest you do the same.
哦  我    如果我可以我会的   但是我不能  Oh  l... I would if I could  but I can't.
哦   当然能，兄弟 我不会阻止你的  Oh  sure you can  buddy. I won't stop you.
不  我是说  No  I mean...
我没有家  I don't have a home.
你没有家？发生什么事？ 你走失了？  You don't? What happened? Are you lost?
没有适合你的地方？  No place good enough for you?
什么  你一直孤零零的活在这个空荡荡的世界上?  What  you're all alone in this big empty world?
其实  The truth is...
我也一直一个人  I'm all alone  too.
彭彭  你是我 唯一的朋友  Pumbaa  you're the only friend I've ever had.
你... 你是说  Y-you mean...
是的  彭彭    而朋友要永远在一起  Yeah  Pumbaa... and friends stick together to the end.
丁满   你在哭？  Timon  are you crying?
没有啦  I'm fine.
我    我只是 眼睛进东西了  I... I just have something in my eye.
拿去，揉揉眼睛  Here  blow.
哦!  Ohh!
拿去  彭彭  Here  Pumbaa.
天哪  谢谢  Gee  thanks.
好多了  OK  I'm better.
喔  好多了  Aw  well.
真倒霉还没有发现 那个完美的地方  It's too bad we never found that perfect place.
我们为什么要听 那只愚蠢的猴子的  Why'd we ever listen to that stupid monkey?
我想也许你 太快放弃了  丁满  I think maybe you're giving up too soon  Timon.
超越目光  Beyond what you see.
还记得我跟你讲过的 那个地方么  Remember that place I told you about?
别提你的地方了  Forget about your place.
看看我找到的  Get a load of what I found.
超越目光  Talk about beyond what you see.
彭彭  这就是我们的梦想家园  Pumbaa  this is our dream home.
太神奇了  Dramatic views.
你的私人秋千  Your very own porch swing
温泉浴  Hot tub and spa.
温泉浴  Hot tub and spa.
取之不尽的食物  Well stocked cupboard.
让我们庆祝!  Let's celebrate!
猴子是正确的  The monkey was right.
我们找到它了    完美的生活  We found it... the perfect life.
我刚刚做了些好吃的  I'll just whip up a little something.
他起的名字也最完美  He had the perfect name for it  too.
来吃  Come and get it.
如此美妙的词语 还有独特的韵律  Such a wonderful phrase. It had this rhythm.
Laduda Ladada
试试这    热的金枪鱼煎饼  Try this... hot tuna frittata.
嗯  不  谢谢，你说的不对  Hmm. No  that's not it.
菠菜舰队  The spinach armada.
安静  彭彭  我正在试着想  Quiet  Pumbaa. I'm trying to think.
一勺干酪  A spoon of ricotta.
二个字  Two words.
炒虫子  A wormy piccata.
六个音节  Six syllables.
咔呼拉 酷拉哒  Kahuna colada.
十二个字母  Twelve letters.
一个蓝色的以辣椒调味之一种墨西哥菜  A blue enchilada.
押韵是...  Rhymes with...
在一个大盘子上的豆类  想一想  Legumes on a platter.  Think.
这应该在热点  This ought to be hotter.
我忘了   我要跳伦巴!  I forget.  I got to lambada!
我忘了   我要跳伦巴!  I forget.  I got to lambada!
嗨  你怎么能在 这个时候跳舞呢  Hey  how can you dance at a time like this?
我都愁死了  I'm dying here.
呜   抱歉  朋友  Ooh  sorry about that  pal.
哈库拉 玛嗒嗒  Hakuna matata
再说一遍  come again?
哈库拉 玛嗒嗒   意思是 "无忧无虑"  Hakuna matata... it means "No worries."
嗨， 丁满   我想到了一个主意  Hey  Timon  I got an idea
我们做次巡回演出  Let's do a sing-along
哦   你开玩笑嘛  Oh  you tease
我爱卡拉 OK  我来啦  I love karaoke  I'm there
等候秒  Wait a second.
彭彭  幼虫在哪里  Pumbaa  where's the grub?
哦   你就是忍不住  是吗  Oh  you just can't help yourself  can you?
抱歉  Sorry.
正确   但是这次   有点自制力  OK  but this time  show a little self-control.
嘿嘿!  Ha ha!
哈库拉 玛  什么-一  Hahuna ma-what-a?
哦!  Oh ho ho ho ho!
它的意思是 "无忧无虑"  It means "No worries."
我知道了  I see.
因此  我告诉那个男孩要 找 哈库拉 玛塔塔  So  I told the boy to find hakuna matata...
你必须超越你的目光  you must look beyond what you see.
哦  一个隐喻  Oh  a metaphor.
好吧  实际上   它不是 隐喻     啊!  Well  actually  it's not a meta... aah!
你跟 丁满说了一个隐喻  You used a metaphor on Timon?
他只会照字面上的去理解  He takes things literally.
就是了  他在外面一定好饿  That's it. He's starving out there.
我就知道是这样  I just know it.
麦斯  丁满去找那个隐喻去了  Max  Timon's out there chasing metaphors.
我必须去找他  I've got to go find him.
你疯啦?  Are you nuts?
有一个互相支持的家庭 真好   不是么？  Nice to have a supportive family  isn't it?
好吧，我要走了  Well  here I go.
记住   千里之行  Remember  the journey of a thousand miles...
始于足下  begins with the first step.
谢谢  这就是我的第一步  Thanks. Here's my first step.
玩豪猪保龄球  This bowling for porcupines...
不是个好主意  哈  Wasn't the best idea  huh?
是的  这就跟拿屁股钓鳄鱼一样糟糕  Yeah. Got to be right up there with bobbing for snapping turtles.
哦  会留下一个小疤  Oh  that's going to leave a little mark.
嗨  看  丁满  秃鹰  Hey  look  Timon  buzzards.
我们再来玩一轮 怎么样  What do you say  one more round?
哦  好啊   我们身上一定还有  Oh  sure  There must be some part of me
没伤过的地方  we haven't injured yet
拜托 拜托  Oh  please?
拜托 拜托  Oh  please  oh  please  oh  please  oh  please?
不   彭彭   我累了  Nah  Pumbaa  I'm beat.
你玩吧 我要回去了  You go ahead. I'm calling it a day.
但是一个人没意思  But it's no fun alone.
有何不可  Aw  why not?
多来一次也不会 改变我们的生活  One more run won't change our lives.
谁知道 为什么命运引导我们  Who knows why fate led us
在那天见到小 辛巴  to little Simba that day
也许是我热爱 冒险的天性  Maybe it was just my love of adventure
也许是我热爱 冒险的天性  Maybe it was just my love of adventure
或是我天生的勇气  or my innate courage
我的英勇 和无畏  my valiant and fearless way of...
正确   谁在 管定格  OK  who's in charge of the freeze frames?
抱歉  Sorry
不管是谁  Anywho
营救辛巴不费吹灰之力  rescuing Simba was a cinch
然后则是真正可怕的地方  Then came the really scary part...
当父母  Parenthood
在丛林中   茂密的丛林中  In the jungle  the mighty jungle
小狮子今晚睡个好觉  The lion sleeps tonight
在丛林中   茂密的丛林中  In the jungle  the mighty jungle
在丛林中   茂密的丛林中  In the jungle  the mighty jungle
丁满   丁满  Timon  Timon
丁满!  Timon!
哦  哦  Oh. Ohh.
我要去   去?  I got to go.  Go?
去哪里  Go where?
去... 尿尿啊  You know  go... bad.
哦  好  你怎么不早说?   我们去吧  Oh  go. Why didn't you say so? Come on  let's go.
你该去时就得去啊  When you got to go  you got to go.
小狮子   从那下来  Young lion  get down from there.
喔 呼  好吧!  Whoo-hoo! All right!
好耶 从上面看起来你们像蚂蚁  Man  you guys look like ants down there.
我数到三  I'm counting to three.
呀呼!  Yahoo!
一  二  One  two...
三  Three.
在丛林中   茂密的丛林中  In the jungle  the mighty jungle
丁满  Timon
哦! 又要去?  Oh! Again?
不   我口渴  No. I'm thirsty.
你这意味着 再过两个小时  You know this means you'll be up again...
你又要去尿啦  about two hours from now.
丛林 伙计  Jungle boogie
丛林 伙计 我们开始吧  Jungle boogie  get it on
挺住  辛巴! 我来救你!  Hang on  Simba! I'll save you!
丁满  Timon?
茂密的丛林  The mighty jungle
我们不能老这么干哪  We're going to get old walking across this thing.
丛林 伙计  哇!  Jungle boogie?  Whoa!
在丛林中   茂密的  In the jungle  the might...
丁满  啊!  Timon  Aah!
你为什么就是不愿意  What have you got against the concept...
好好睡一觉呢  of a good night's sleep  huh?
实际上  我  呃  Actually  I  uh...
我刚做了个噩梦  I had a bad dream.
啊 这样啊...  Oh  well...
啊! 不是我  Uhh! It wasn't me.
小伙子做了个恶梦  Junior had a bad dream.
哦  Ohh
为什么你不过来和我们一起来睡呢?  Why don't you sleep over here with us?
我的彭彭 就是你的彭彭  Mi  Pumbaa  su Pumbaa
好耶  All right!
小狮子今晚睡个好觉  The lion sleeps tonight
晚安  Good night.
睡个好觉  Sleep tight.
一觉到天明  Dream of bedbugs tonight.
我的小亲爱的  My little darling
不用害怕   我的小亲爱的  Don't fear  my little darling
嗨    我的小亲爱的  Hey-a  oh  my little darling
哦  不用害怕   我的小亲爱的  Oh  don't fear  my little darling
不用害怕   我的小亲爱的  Don't fear  my little darling
嗨  我的小亲爱的  Hey-a  oh  my little darling
喔    你早上起床要打哈欠的时候  Whoa. Watch where you aim that morning breath.
提醒我们躲开你张嘴的方向  That should come with a warning label.
这真的会臭醒人  Whoo  what a wake-up call.
呵 呵 呵  看来有人  Heh heh heh. Looks like someone woke up...
有起床气喔  on the wrong side of the warthog.
怎么了  老伙计  What's the matter  pops?
有点过分了?    哈库拉 玛塔塔  Had a little too much?   hakuna matata
噢    小子   哈库拉玛塔塔 是我发明的  Ooh. Sonny boy  I invented hakuna matata.
哦  是吗   好吧  是我使它更完美了  Oh  yeah?  Well  I perfected it.
的确是你    的确是你  Sure you did  sure you did.
彭彭   谁保持吃虫子后 打饱嗝最长的记录  Pumbaa  who holds the record for the world's longest bug belch?
呃  那应该是辛巴  Uh  that would be Simba.
好吧，那么  All righty  then.
谁是吃鼻涕虫的冠军  Who's the champion at slug swallowing?
还是辛巴  Simba again.
嚼蟋蟀  辛巴  Cricket crunching?  Simba.
吞幼虫  辛巴  Grub gulping?  Simba.
嚼蛆  辛巴  Maggot munching?  Still Simba.
吸蜗牛  Snail slurping?
没人是冠军  Oh  uh  nobody.
我们还没比过吃蜗牛的比赛  We never had a snail eating contest before.
我觉得这可不是什么好主意  I don't think this is such a good idea.
我早就跟你说过这可不是什么好主意  I told you this wasn't such a good idea.
这比赛证明了青出于蓝  Thus did the pupil surpass the teacher
你又跟那猴子一起混啦   是不是？  You've been hanging around with the monkey again  haven't you?
我们的辛巴 长大了  Our Simba is growing up
这是我以前抱过的那个小家伙?  Is this the little boy I carried
什么时候他长得这么高了  When did he grow to be so tall
一切好像还是昨天的事  Wasn't it yesterday
当他还很小的时候  When he was small
日出  日落  Sunrise  sunset
日出  日落  Sunrise  sunset
时光匆匆飞逝  Swiftly fly the years
时光匆匆飞逝  Swiftly fly the years
季节变换  One season following another
满载着欢乐  Laden with happiness
和泪水  And tears
这下你明白为什么人们叫它们粪金龟的原因  So  you see  that's why they call it a dung beetle.
咦  你还别说  Ew. You don't say.
还挺好吃的  And yet still so tasty.
哦  那也是我的最爱  Oh  yeah  and they're my favorite  too.
这正是我想要的  Just what the doctor ordered.
是啊  在漫长的一天  无所事事之后  Yep. After a long day of doing nothing...
放松一下真好  it's good to kick back.
三个知己一起无忧无虑  Three pals and no worries.
人生如此  夫复何求啊  What more could you want?
我困了  I'm bushed.
我要上床了  Think I'll turn in for the night.
我不洗了  I'm out.
我也不洗了  Right behind you.
你要杀了我啊  You're killing me.
丁满  轮到你 说晚安  Timon  it's your turn to say good night.
晚安  Good night.
睡个好觉  Sleep tight.
一觉到天明  Dream of bedbugs tonight.
你得承认  You got to admit
我们当时在那里过得可舒服咯  we had a pretty good thing going there
本来我们可以永远这样生活下去的  We could've gone on like that forever
只是我们忽略了一个  很小很小的细节  Except for one teeny weeny little thing we forgot to count on
娜娜？  Nala?
你怎么...   你怎么...  How did you...  How did you...
这是个灾难  彭彭    我告诉你 这是个灾难  This is a disaster  Pumbaa... a disaster  I tell you.
你是说因为他们最终 最后认出了彼此  You mean because they've finally found each other...
就像两个灵魂历经多年  like two soul mates joined across the years...
仍然被真爱紧紧地联系在一起  by the bonds of true love?
亲爱的  天真的 彭彭  Sweet  innocent little Pumbaa.
她会毁了我们哈库拉 玛塔塔的  She's going to put a stake right through the heart...
生活方式  of our hakuna matata.
哦  那我们应该要采取行动  Oh  then I guess we ought to do something.
我知道该怎么做  And I know just what it is.
彭彭  今晚无论如何 我们不能让他们感受到爱  Pumbaa  we can't let them feel the love tonight.
你能感受到今夜的爱么  Can you feel the love tonight
你能感受到今夜的爱么  Can you feel the love tonight
真是太罗曼蒂克了  That's so romantic.
你能感受到今夜的爱么  Can you feel the love tonight
你能感受到今夜的爱么  Can you feel the love tonight
夜晚所带来的宁静安详  The peace the evening brings
好吧   简直像是做了一个梦  Well  that worked like a dream.
真的？  It did?
你永远听不懂挖苦是么？  Sarcasm is a foreign language to you  isn't it?
看!  Look!
你能感受到今夜的爱么  Can you feel the love tonight
她在暗送秋波  She's making those eyes.
她在暗送秋波  She's making those eyes.
他在报以微笑  He's smiling that smile.
他们在笑  They're laughing...
拥抱  and hugging...
在.... 在...  and... and...
如果他今晚坠入了爱河  And if he falls in love tonight
事情也就毋庸置疑  It can be assumed
他与我们的那些无忧无虑的日子  His carefree days
都会成为历史  With us are history
总之  我们朋友一场  注定要分离  In short  our pal is doomed
算啦   老伙计  Ah  that's it  buddy.
我们尽了最大的努力   但是他注定要离开的  We gave it our best shot  but he's a goner.
还不一定哦  Maybe not.
你从不放弃   对吧  You never give up  do you?
你看  Look.
你根本不知道我经历了什么  You don't even know what I've been through
如果你肯告诉我 我愿意...  别提这事了！  I would if you'd just tell me.  Forget it.
很好  Fine!
彭彭  你知道这代表什么吗  Pumbaa  do you know what this means?
呃 他不会表达感情？  Uh  he can't express his feelings...
而且她对他误解了?  and she has commitment issues?
我们赢了   嘿嘿!  We won. Ya ha ha!
把他们拆散了  We split them up.
这是件好事吗  And  uh  that's a good thing?
看来他受到的打击不小  Uh  he seems to be taking it kind of hard.
是的  我知道  看  我  Yeah  I know. Look  I...
但这对我们来说是好事...  But it's the best thing for us.
我是说 对他 我们走吧 彭彭  I mean for him. Ooh  let's go  Pumbaa.
我觉得暴风雨要来了  I think this storm's coming to a head.
哈库拉 玛塔塔 终于稳妥了 老伙计  Hakuna matata is safe at last  pal...
没什么能够再夺走我们的小家伙了  because nothing's going to take our boy away now.
他走了? 你说什么 他走了?  He's gone? What do you mean, he's gone?
就像狒狒所说  It's just like the baboon said.
国王回来了  The king has returned.
哦  你要我再说一遍？  Ohh. You want me to go over it again?
是的  请   但是充满深情  Yes  please  but be a dear...
而且跳过辛巴的部分  and just skip to the part about Simba...
我不是嫌你童年不有趣  not that your childhood wasn't fascinating.
好 听着    辛巴才是合法的国王  OK  look  Simba's the rightful king...
可是他失踪以后...  but after he disappeared...
刀疤自封为王  Scar proclaimed himself the king...
而且和鬣狗结成了同盟  and formed an alliance with the hyenas.
可怜的 辛巴  Poor Simba...
那个卖国贼 背信忘义  the treachery  the villainy
卑鄙下流 真是丢脸  the sheer indescribable horror
吧啦  吧啦  吧啦   她为什么要逗我们  Blah  blah  blah  Why is she toying with us?
哇  这个疯狂的小妞会吃掉我们的  Oh  this crazy chick is going to eat us
辛巴 必须回家 向他的叔叔挑战  Simba has to go home to challenge his uncle...
重新夺回属于他的王位  and reclaim his rightful place as king.
你们还不明白吗  Ooh  don't you get it?
辛巴需要我们... 就是现在  Simba needs us... now!
他需要我们?  He needs us?
那他就不应该 离开我们!  Then he shouldn't have left us!
如果他要回去 做他的"陛下"  If he wants to run off to be "His Highness"...
好吧，那我会说  well  I say don't let the branches hit you...
"越快走越好"  on the way out.
把哈库拉玛塔塔 留给那些珍爱它的人  Leave hakuna matata to someone who appreciates it.
但是  丁满  没有辛巴的 哈库拉玛塔塔 不是真正的哈库拉玛塔塔  But  Timon  it's not really hakuna matata without Simba.
你脑袋进水拉 不是 哈库拉玛塔塔  What's gotten into you? Not hakuna matata?
简直是疯话 我告诉你 这是疯话  That's crazy talk... crazy talk  I tell you.
这里一切都没有变...  Nothing's changed here.
辛巴来以前 我们也一样哈库拉 玛塔塔  We had hakuna matata before Simba...
现在我们依然哈库拉 玛塔塔  and we've still got it now.
我们应该去帮助 我们的朋友  丁满  We got to go help our friend  Timon.
彭彭 你也是?  Et tu  Pumbaa?
你打算就这样离开 放弃这一切?  You're just going to walk away  give up on all this?
还说什么  朋友要永远在一起  What happened to "friends stick together to the end"?
我正要问你 同样的问题  I was about to ask you the same thing.
我所需要的一切都在这里了  I got everything I ever wanted right here.
现在    这还比较像样点  Now  this is more like it...
多的是空间  elbow room.
噢    天哪...  Oh  boy  oh  boy  oh  boy.
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
多么美妙的词语啊  What a wonderful phrase
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
让人不由自主地兴奋  Ain't no passing craze
它代表着  It means
无忧无虑  No worries.
是你 不要   什么也别说  You. No  no. Don't say a word.
我知道你要说什么  I know what you're going to say.
你找到哈库拉玛塔塔了吗  Did you find hakuna matata?
是的  我找到了  Well  yes  I did.
真的多谢你  Thank you very much.
而且我很快乐  And I am happy.
快乐的  快乐的   快乐得发疯  Happy  happy  deliriously happy.
喔 哈哈  我知道了  Ho ha ha! I see.
快乐  是吗  Happy  is it?
如果你真的快乐   为什么你看起来这么痛苦  So  if you're so happy  why do you look so miserable?
你说我痛苦?  Miserable  you say?
我为什么要痛苦  Why should I be miserable?
哦  我不知道  也许我在这个世界上  Oh  I don't know. Maybe my two best pals...
最好的二个朋友 都抛弃了我  in the world deserted me.
呵  他们要去做英雄  Heh. They've... they've headed off on some heroic mission.
我的朋友都离开了  My friends are gone.
而且我的 哈库拉 玛塔塔 都随他们而去了  And my hakuna matata went with them.
你介意打一下这里吗？  Would you mind?
谢谢 我很高兴我们聊开了  Thanks. I'm glad we had this talk.
我的任务完成了  My work here is done.
朋友要永远在一起  Friends stick together to the end.
你怎么那样跑啊 那样也算是跑吗  What was with the running? If you can call that running.
我这是为了让你能赶上  I was giving you time to catch up.
这个大傻冒  you big lug.
上来  伙计  Hop on  buddy.
我们有一场大仗在等着打呢  We got a fight to catch.
我们冲过草原  Let's whip some grass.
这里就是传奇的所在 有壮烈的战斗  This is the stuff of legends... an epic struggle
也是英雄诞生之地  the place where heroes are born
彭彭 这可能 是我们最难忘的时刻了  Pumbaa  this could be our finest hour
烤野猪  Luau!
如果你想吃一块肥嫩多汁的美味的话  If you're hungry for a hunk of fat and juicy meat
吃我的伙伴彭彭吧   因为他  Eat my buddy Pumbaa here because he...
呵 呵   我们剪掉这段吧  好吗  Heh heh  Let's just cut to the chase  shall we?
哦  好吧  Oh  sure
什么鬼  What the...
我最爱彭彭早上的味道了  I love the smell of Pumbaa in the morning.
嗨  嗨  嗨   移开你的屁股  宝贝  Hey  hey  hey  move your tush  honey.
妈妈?    麦斯叔叔?  Ma?     Uncle Max?
哦  小丁满!  丁满  Oh  Timmy!  Timon
你在这里做什么  What are you doing here?
找你     妈妈来了  Looking for you. Aw. Mommy's here.
好吧  让我介绍我 最好朋友给你们认识  Well  let me introduce you to my best friend.
彭彭  这是我妈和麦斯叔叔  Pumbaa  Ma  Uncle Max.
妈  麦斯叔叔  这是彭彭  Ma  Uncle Max  Pumbaa.
瞧   是辛巴   那一定是他的叔叔刀疤了  Look  there's Simba  and that must be his uncle Scar.
哦  好的  他们 在外面说话  Oh  good  they're talking things out...
它应该是这样的  which is how it should be.
你知道  我有感觉  You know  I have a feeling...
一切都会好起来的  everything's going to be just fine.
但是话说回来...  On the other hand...
鬣狗在上面保护刀疤  the hyenas are up there protecting Scar
我们该些做什么？  What do we do?
嗯 我有个计划  Well  I've got a plan.
我们能帮助么？  How can we help?
妈妈    麦斯叔叔   你们挖一个陷阱  Ma  Uncle Max  you're going to dig a trap.
我们需要  We're going to need...
这么说吧  dare I say it
地道  很多很多的地道  Tunnels... lots and lots of tunnels.
并且  彭彭  你和我  And  Pumbaa  you and me...
我们一定要把鬣狗从辛巴那里引走  we've got to get those hyenas away from Simba.
噢  哦   引他们进陷阱吗？  Ooh  ooh! And lure them into the trap?
什么都瞒不过你  Nothing gets past you.
来吧   彭彭  我们走  Come on  Pumbaa  let's ride.
丁满不一样了  Something's different about Timon.
你也觉得?   他穿了条裙子  You think? He's wearing a dress!
嗨， 彭彭  Hey  Pumbaa.
一个只有半个脑袋的鬣狗 叫什么?  What do you call a hyena with half a brain?
嘿嘿嘿! 给点提示   丁满  什么  Ha ha ha! Beats me  Timon. What?
土蛋  Gifted
啊哈哈   呜!  Ha ha... ooh!
他们是在说我们  They're talking about us.
你们死前 绝对会后悔讲这些话  For your last meal  you're going to eat those words.
妈  我想我们吸引他们的注意了  Ma  I think we got their attention.
还没好呢  继续拖住他们  Not yet. Keep stalling.
好吧  OK.
不会吧  You got to be kidding me.
现在呢？  妈  Now?     Ma
还需要点时间   宝贝  Need more time  honey
呃  自由动作  Uh  freestyle.
呜 ，再演唱一次!，再演唱一次!  Ooh  encore  encore.
不，不  不 不 你是说  "开胃菜"  No  no  no. You mean entree  entree.
是的 你说得对     直接把他们吃掉吧  No  you right. Let's just eat them.
好了吗？   妈  Is it ready yet?  Ma
还没有 继续拖延  Not yet  Keep stalling
等等  等等  等等  等一下  就等一秒钟  Wait  wait  wait  wait. Hold on a second.
呃  丁满   你干嘛呢？  Uh  Timon? What are you doing?
非洲大草原  肉食动物之鬣狗   桑琪  Shenzi Marie Predatora Veldetta Jacquelina Hyena...
我是否有荣幸娶你 做我的新娘?  would you do me the honor of becoming my bride?
我不这么认为  I don't think so.
桑琪 拜托 我知道你在想什么  你认为：  Shenzi Marie  please. I know what you're thinking.
我们差异太大    不可能  We're too different. It'll never work.
想想孩子会长成什么样  What will the children look like?
噢    那违反了自然的法则  Ooh  that violates so many laws of nature.
听我说   像我们这种  Listen to me. The problems of a couple of wacky kids...
配对生下来的不正常孩子  like us don't amount to a hill of termites...
在这个疯狂的世界里 根本不是什么问题  in this nutty circle of life thing
因此我问你    如果不是现在  更待何时  And so I ask you... if not now  when?
如果不是我  还有谁  If not me  who?
我是如此的孤单  I'm lonely.
我能做你的伴郎吗  Can I be your best man?
我说 我们跳过婚礼 直接吃喜酒吧  I say we skip the wedding and go straight to the buffet
现在?  Now?
当然  如果你们准备好了  Sure  if you're ready.
现在 麦斯 就是现在!  Now  Max  now!
鬣狗下洞吧!  Hyenas in the hole!
我需要帮助    我弄不成  I need help. It didn't work.
嘿  我这里行了  Hey  it works for me
我们该怎么办  What are we going to do?
什么  What?
丁满  不要  Timon  no!
我们吃了他们吧  Let's get 'em.
依我看刀疤完了  I'd say Scar is down and out.
我们赢了   我们赢了  We did it! We did it!
丁满 在哪里 我的宝贝在哪里  Where's Timon? Where's my baby?
他受伤了 啊 不  他死了  或者更糟  He's hurt! Oh  no! Oh  no! He's dead! Or worse!
我们去找他  我们必须找到他  We got to find him. We've got to find him.
没事   妈  It's OK  Ma.
哦  怎么会没事!  Oh  please. It is not OK!
别跟我说没事  Don't you tell me it's OK!
小丁满!  Timmy!
我的儿子  My son...
英雄  The Hero.
你漏了一处  You missed a spot.
真是太棒了  That's so beautiful.
我窒息了  我无法呼吸  Choking. Not breathing.
没有你们   我是无法成功的  I couldn't have done it without you guys.
我们的好小子  That's our boy.
哦  我发过誓绝对不哭的  Ohh  I promised myself I wasn't going to cry.
你真的长大了很多   丁满  You've really come a long way  Timon.
你找到了 你要找的地方了吗  Did you find what you were looking for?
我找到了我梦寐以求的地方  I found a place that was beyond my wildest dreams...
可是那里还不算是家  but it still wasn't home.
我们回家  妈妈  Let's go home  Ma.
欢迎来到我们的新家  Welcome to our new home...
一个没有敌人的天堂  a predator-free environment.
我真的要称赞你   丁满   这里什么都有  I got to hand it to you  Timon. This place has everything.
现在我们团聚了 这才算家  Well  now that we're all here  it does.
伸展  Crane...
展开双臂   优雅的旋转  spreads its wings  turns with dainty hands.
挖隧道   挖  挖隧道  Dig a tunnel  dig  dig a tunnel
我们再不挖 别的隧道  We're never gonna dig another tunnel
挖隧道   挖  挖隧道  Dig a tunnel  dig  dig a tunnel
再没有鬣狗来  Never gonna hyena come
再没有鬣狗来  Never gonna hyena come
赞美 伟大的 丁满  Sing the praises of great Timon
歌颂最伟大的猫鼬  The greatest meerkat we've ever known
从没想到他会帮助 辛巴重登王位  Never dreamed he'd help Simba shine
和野猪在一起是多么酷的事情  Proved it's cool to hang out with swine
意外的拯救了世界  Accidentally saved the day
心想事成  Planned it so it would look that way
把我们从沙土中解放出来  Brought us out of the dirt and sand
带他的族群带到了许诺过的地方  Brought his family to the promised land
赞美  伟大的  丁满  Sing the praises of great Timon
歌颂最伟大的猫鼬  Greatest meerkat we've ever known
好啦  Well  that's it...
大团圆结局  幸福的结局  the big wrap-up  the happy ending
风光的收场  the grand finale
已经结束了?  It's over already?
好吧  彭彭  结局就是这样  Well  Pumbaa  that's the thing about endings.
全部结束了  They come at the end.
呜  我们能再一遍吗  Ooh  can we watch it again?
彭彭 我们才刚看过 明天再看吧  Pumbaa, we ust saw it. Maybe tomorrow.
嗨  你们在做什么  Hey  what are you guys doing?
你不要告诉我 你正在看电影  You didn't tell me you were watching the movie.
我也要看  I want to watch  too.
妈妈  我们刚刚看完  电影已经结束了  Ma  we just finished. Show's over.
好吧，你可以把它倒回去  Well  you're just going to have to rewind it.
妈!  Ma!
麦斯叔叔   我们来看看电影  Uncle Max  we're going to watch the movie.
哦  不!  Oh  no!
嗨  我带来了很多爆米花  Hey  I brought extra butter.
嗨  你们在看电影?  Hey  you guys are watching the movie?
凡是值得看的故事 就值得多看几遍  Any story worth telling is worth telling twice.
这简直...    哦  借过一下  What the...  Oh  excuse me.
借过一下  借过一下  Excuse me.  Excuse me.
借过一下   借过一下  Excuse me.  Excuse me.
借过一下      别挡道  Excuse me.  Get out of the way.
这些都是谁？  Who is this crowd?
嗨   前面的坐下!  Hey  down in front!
哎哟  Gawrsh!
哈罗!  Aloha!
小心点!  Watch it!
好  伙伴  你赢了  OK  buddy  you win.
你真的不在乎？  Sure you don't mind?
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata.
嘘   对不起  Shh   Sorry
丁满  Timon...
我仍然不习惯待在人群里  I still don't do so well in crowds
赶在鬣狗来之前  Quick before the hyena come
挖隧道这就是我们要做的活计  All we do is dig
因此我们得以藏身  然后继续挖  so we can hide and hide so we can dig
挖  Dig
挖隧道这就是我们要做的活计  All we do is dig
因此我们得以藏身  然后继续挖  so we can hide and hide so we can dig
挖  Dig
挖隧道   挖  挖隧道  Dig a tunnel  dig  dig a tunnel
不停的挖  Keep a-digging  never get done
挖隧道   挖  挖隧道  Dig a tunnel  dig  dig a tunnel
快点   赶在鬣狗来之前  Quick  before the hyena come
挖隧道   挖  挖隧道  Dig a tunnel  dig  dig a tunnel
不停的挖  Keep a-digging  never get done
挖隧道   挖  挖隧道  Dig a tunnel  dig  dig a tunnel
快点   赶在鬣狗来之前  Quick  before the hyena come
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
挖隧道这就是我们要做的活计  All we do is dig
因此我们得以藏身  然后继续挖  so we can hide and hide so we can dig
挖  Dig
哈库拉 玛塔塔  Hakuna matata
快点   赶在鬣狗来之前  Quick  before the hyena  hyena  hyena come
挖隧道   挖  挖隧道  Dig a tunnel  dig  dig a tunnel
不停的挖  Keep a-digging  never get done
挖隧道   挖  挖隧道  Dig a tunnel  dig  dig a tunnel
快点   赶在鬣狗来之前  Quick  before the hyena come
快点   赶在鬣狗来之前  Quick  before the hyena come
你能挖吗  Can you dig it?
我能挖  I can dig it
噢  耶  Oh  yeah
噢   喔 喔 喔  Oh whoa whoa whoa
生活草地中的记忆  Sure is memories living in the grass
在草地上放牧   是一种乐趣  Grazing in the grass  it's a gas
宝贝  你能挖吗  Baby  can't you dig it?
看这世界时光流逝  What a trip just watching as the world goes past
在草地上放牧   是一种乐趣  Grazing in the grass  it's a gas
宝贝  你能挖它吗  Baby  can't you dig it?
有那么多绝妙的东西可看  There are so many groovy things to see
消磨放牧 在草地中  While grazing in the grass
在草地上放牧   是一种乐趣  Grazing in the grass  it's a gas
宝贝  你能不挖它吗  Baby  can't you dig it?
五颜六色的花  Flowers with colors
把所有的一切隐藏在草丛里  Making everything out of sight in the grass
草的放牧   是一种乐趣  Grazing in the grass  it's a gas
我们来了  Here we go
阳光在树叶之间照下  The sun beaming down between the leaves
在草地上放牧   是一种乐趣  Grazing in the grass  it's a gas
宝贝  你能不挖它吗  Baby  can't you dig it?
鸟  And the birds
穿梭在林间  Darting in and out of the trees
在草地上放牧   是一种乐趣  Grazing in the grass  it's a gas
耶     耶  Yeah  yeah
这里的一切都那么清晰  And everything here is so clear
你能看到它  You can see it
这里的一切都如此的亲密  And everything here is so near
你能感觉到它  You can feel it
而且它很真实  And it's real
如此真实  如此真实  So real  so real
如此真实  如此真实  如此真实  So real  so real  so real
你能挖它吗  Can you dig it?
我能挖它  他能挖它   她能挖它  I can dig it  he can dig it  she can dig it
我们能挖它   他们能 挖它  你能挖它  We can dig it  they can dig it  you can dig it
噢  让我们挖它  Oh  let's dig it
你能挖它吗  宝贝  Can you dig it  baby?
我能挖它  他能挖它   她能挖它  I can dig it  he can dig it  she can dig it
我们能挖它   他们能 挖它  你能挖它  We can dig it  they can dig it  you can dig it
噢  让我们挖它  Oh  let's dig it
你能挖它吗  宝贝  Can you dig it  baby?
我们  让我们挖它  We  let's dig it
我能挖它  他能挖它   她能挖它  I can dig it  he can dig it  she can dig it
我们能挖它  宝贝   每个人  让我们挖它  We can dig it  baby  everybody  let's dig it
你能挖它吗  宝贝  Can you dig it  baby?
阳光在树叶之间照下  The sun beaming down between the leaves
鸟  And the birds
穿梭在林间  Darting in and out of the trees
这里的一切都那么清晰  Everything here is so clear
你能看到它  You can see it
这里的一切都如此的亲密  And everything here is so near
你能感觉到它  You can feel it
而且它很真正  And it's real
如此真实  如此真实  So real  so real
如此真实 如此真实 如此真实  So real  so real  so real
你能挖它吗  Can you dig it?
噢  耶  Oh  yeah
我能挖它  他能挖它   她能挖它  I can dig it  he can dig it  she can dig it
我们能挖它   他们能 挖它  你能挖它  We can dig it  they can dig it  you can dig it
噢 让我们挖它  Oh  let's dig it
你能挖它吗  宝贝  Can you dig it  baby?
我能挖它  他能挖它   她能挖它  I can dig it  he can dig it  she can dig it
我们能挖它   他们能 挖它  你能挖它  We can dig it  they can dig it  you can dig it
噢  让我们挖它  Oh  let's dig it
你能挖它吗  宝贝  Can you dig it  baby?
我能挖它  他能挖它   她能挖它  I can dig it  he can dig it  she can dig it
我们能挖它   他们能 挖它  你能挖它  We can dig it  they can dig it  you can dig it
噢  让我们挖它  Oh  let's dig it
宝贝  Baby
我能挖它  他能挖它   她能挖它  I can dig it  he can dig it  she can dig it
我们能挖它   他们能 挖它  你能挖它  We can dig it  they can dig it  you can dig it
噢  让我们挖它  Oh  let's dig it
这里的一切都那么清晰  Everything here is so clear
你能感觉到它  You can feel it
我能挖它  他能挖它   她能挖它  I can dig it  he can dig it  she can dig it
我们能挖它  宝贝   每个人都挖它  We can dig it  baby  everybody dig it
它是 丁满  rama 时间!  It's Timon-a-rama time!
我从来不是那种类型的人  I've never been the type
你将会有一个完美的家  You'll have a perfect home
形成一个洞和藏起来  To form a hole and hide
当老鬣狗们来的时候  When old hyenas come
在猫鼬地位上  Above the meerkat role
这是完全的猎杀场面  Where it's a shooting scene
不过在一些有组织的洞穴中  In some organic hole
你就不必害怕  Then you won't have to fear
诸如此类的圆形腐木  And all that circle rot
仅仅是一个灵巧的地基  Is just a cunning plot
为了适应危机  For comin' to the crunch
我不是什么人的午餐  I ain't nobody's lunch
绕道而行  Get on the roundabout
这不是一个娱乐  是一个恶作剧  This isn't a diversion  it's a monkeyshine
我不要求很多  I ain't asking for a lot
但是什么是我的 是我的  But what is mine is mine
你再也不想和合唱队里争论  You never want to argue with a chorus line
那就是我所要一切  That's all I need
那就是他所要的全部  That is all he needs
喔  喔   我诚恳的请求  Whoa  whoa  I'm begging please
喔   诚恳的请求  Whoa  begging please
这是全部  That is all
我  I
需要  Need
那就是我所要一切  That is all I need

