狮子王.The.Lion.King.2019


Nants ingonyama
Bagithi baba
Sithi uhhmm ingonyama
lngonyama
Nants ingonyama
Bagithi baba
Sithi uhhmm ingonyama
lngonyama
Siyo nqoba
lngonyama
lngonyama inengw' enamabala
Setokwa
lngonyama inengw' enamabala
Asana
lngonyama inengw' enamabala
Setokwa
lngonyama inengw' enamabala
从那天我们 来到这世界   ♪ From the day we arrive on the planet ♪
张开眼 去拥抱阳光   ♪ And blinking Step into the sun ♪
世界很大 总有新的风景   ♪ There's more to see than can ever be seen ♪
每一天 总有新的挑战   ♪ More to do than can ever be done ♪
生命旅程 等你了解   ♪ There's far too much to take in here ♪
未来的奥妙 待你体会   ♪ More to find than can ever be found ♪
当那旭日东升   ♪ But the sun rolling high ♪
划过蔚蓝天空   ♪ Through the sapphire sky ♪
天地万物 随日夜变换   ♪ Keeps great and small on the endless round ♪
这生命的循环   ♪ It's the circle of life ♪
你我在其中   ♪ And it moves us all ♪
失望与希望   ♪ Through despair and hope ♪
爱与信仰   ♪ Through faith and love ♪
终会有一天   ♪ Till we find our place ♪
找到你的方向   ♪ On the path unwinding ♪
生命循环   ♪ In the circle ♪
是生生不息   ♪ The circle of life ♪
生命的循环   ♪ It's the circle of life ♪
你我在其中   ♪ And it moves us all ♪
失望与希望   ♪ Through despair and hope ♪
爱与信仰   ♪ Through faith and love ♪
终会有一天   ♪ Till we find our place ♪
找到你的方向   ♪ On the path unwinding ♪
生命循环   ♪ In the circle ♪
是生生不息   ♪ The circle of life ♪
狮子王
命运   Life's
真是不公平   not fair...
你说是吧 小东西   is it, my little friend?
有的生来不愁吃喝   While some are born to feast...
有的却活在阴暗的角落里   others spend their lives in the dark,
讨些残羹剩饭   begging for scraps.
在我看来   The way I see it...
你和我   you and I
其实是一样的   are exactly the same.
我们都在寻找出路   We both want to find a way out.
国王驾到   The king approaches!
这不是演习   This is not a drill.
陛下要找你严肃地谈谈   His Majesty has requested an audience.
待会他进来的时候 你必须起身向他行礼   Upon his entrance, you will rise and genuflect.
沙祖   Zazu...
你害我的午餐跑掉了   you've made me lose my lunch.
你最好向陛下解释清楚   You will answer to Mufasa
早上为什么不去参加仪式   for missing the ceremony this morning.
我不需要解释   I answer to no one.
刀疤   Scar?
刀疤   Scar.
刀疤 刀疤 刀疤   Scar? Scar. Scar.
好了 够了 别那样看着我   No, no. Don't look at me like that.
你饿不饿 沙祖   Are you hungry, Zazu?
要不要   Perhaps
一起吃顿饭   we could have a bite together!
不   No.
你不能吃我 这是违法的   You can't eat me! It is forbidden
你不能吃荣耀王国的大臣   to eat a member of the king's court!
不 求你了 停止   Ow! No, please! Stop it!
刀疤   Scar!
国王屈尊来找我这平头百姓了   Well, look who's come down to mingle with the commoners.
我和莎拉碧没看到你参加辛巴的介绍仪式   Sarabi and I didn't see you at the presentation of Simba.
是今天吗   Was that today?
我一定是忘掉了   Must've slipped my mind.
当然我绝不是要藐视陛下   Of course I meant no disrespect towards His Majesty
或是莎拉碧   or Sarabi.
您是知道的   As you know,
我一向非常的敬重…   I have tremendous respect for
王后   the queen.
身为国王的弟弟   As the king's brother,
你应该站在第一位   you should've been first in line.
我原本就是第一位   I was first in line.
难道你忘了吗   Or don't you remember?
要不是那位宝贝小王子插在我前面   That is, until the precious prince arrived.
不要背对着我 刀疤   Don't turn your back on me, Scar.
不 木法沙 是你不要背对着我   Oh, no, Mufasa, perhaps you shouldn't turn your back on me.
你在挑衅我吗   Is that a challenge?
我做梦也不敢挑衅你   I wouldn't dream of challenging you
再也不敢了   again.
算你聪明 你根本不是陛下的对手   A wise decision. You are no match for His Royalness.
要说聪明 我的确有狮子的智慧   Well, as far as brains go, I got the lion's share.
可要论力量 恐怕我这位大哥   But when it comes to brute strength, I'm afraid my big brother...
会永远地稳坐王位   will always rule.
不是永远 刀疤   Not always, Scar.
将来 会由我的儿子继承王位   One day, it'll be my son who rules.
辛巴会成为你的国王   Simba will be your king.
愿国王万岁   Then long live the king.
我该拿他怎么办   What am I gonna do with him?
行了吧 我们都知道   Oh, come on. We both know
他早就该被赶出荣耀王国了   he should've been expelled from the Pride Lands long ago.
他是我的亲弟弟 沙祖   He's my brother, Zazu.
这里是他的家   This is his home.
只要我还是国王   As long as I am king,
这点就不会改变   that will never change.
家家都有个不省心的   Well, there's one in every family, sire.
我有个表亲以为自己是啄木鸟   I had a cousin who thought he was a woodpecker.
总喜欢用头撞树   He slammed his head into trees,
我们的喙可没有那么结实   and our beaks aren't built for it.
他动不动就脑震荡 您走了   He was concussed regularly. Oh, you've gone.
陛下 要回去了吗   Uh, sire, coming back!
（科萨语）
辛巴   Simba.
（科萨语）
老爸 你醒了吗   Dad, you awake?
老爸 快起来   Dad, wake up!
爸爸   Dad!
爸爸 爸爸 爸爸   Dad, Dad, Dad!
你儿子醒了   Your son's awake.
天亮前他算你儿子   Before sunrise, he's your son.
快点爸爸 该走了   Come on, Dad, let's go.
你说今天会带我巡视王国的   You said I could patrol with you today.
今天已经到啦 你答应过的   And today has started. You promised!
你起来了吗   You up?
咱们开始吧   Let's do this!
好 开始吧   Let's do this.
首先干什么   So, what's first?
下令大家去捕猎吗   Give orders for the hunt?
还是赶走入侵者   Chase away evil intruders?
老爸 你走错方向了   Dad! You're going the wrong way!
爸爸   Dad?
我不应该来这么高的地方   I'm not supposed to go up here.
你看 辛巴   Look, Simba.
阳光照到的地方都是我们的国土   Everything the light touches is our kingdom.
这一切都归你统治吗   You rule all of that?
是的   Yes.
但是国王的统治   But a king's time as ruler...
就如同太阳有升有落   rises and falls like the sun.
总有一天 辛巴   One day, Simba...
我会随着夕阳一同落下   the sun will set on my time here...
而你会随着朝阳升起 成为新的国王   and will rise with you as the new king.
所有这一切   All of this
都会归我吗   will belong to me?
这一切不归谁所有   It belongs to no one,
但是需要你来守护   but will be yours to protect.
这是一项重大的责任   A great responsibility.
阳光照到的地方   Everything the light touches?
那些树   Those trees?
还有那个水潭   And the watering hole?
远处的山丘   And that mountain?
那边… 阳光照不到的地方呢   And beyond those shadows?
你绝不可以去那个地方   You must not go there, Simba.
国王不是想干什么都可以吗   But I thought a king could do whatever he wants.
占领任何地方   Take any territory.
有些统治者只想着占有和夺取   While others search for what they can take...
真正的国王思考如何做出贡献   a true king searches for what he can give.
万物是在微妙的平衡中共存   Everything you see exists together in a delicate balance.
身为国王你必须了解这种平衡   As king, you need to understand that balance...
尊重所有的生命   and respect all the creatures...
从爬行的蚂蚁   from the crawling ant
到跳跃的羚羊   to the leaping antelope.
可是爸爸 我们不是吃羚羊吗   But, Dad, don't we eat the antelope?
是的 辛巴   Yes, Simba.
我来给你解释一下   But let me explain.
我们死后   When we die,
尸体就会变成青草   our bodies become the grass...
而羚羊是吃草的   and the antelope eat the grass...
所以在生命的循环里   and so we are all connected
我们是互相有关联的   in the great circle of life.
陛下   Sire!
早 沙祖   Morning, Zazu.
要做晨间报告吗   Do you have the morning report?
是的 陛下   Yes, sire.
十只火烈鸟非要搞特立独行   Ten flamingos are taking a stand.
两头长颈鹿抱着脖子亲热   Two giraffe were caught necking.
蜜蜂悄悄议论花豹   The buzz from the bees... is that the leopards are in a bit of a spot.
想不想学捕猎   Ready for some fun?
小鸟们清晨四点就喳喳叫   The birds are tweeting at 4:00 in the morning.
我说行啦 知道了   I'm like, "Birds, we get it."
尽量压低身子   Stay low to the ground.
没问题   I got this.
判断风向   Check the wind,
观察影子   the shadows...
等待最好的时机扑上去   and wait for the perfect moment to pounce.
狒狒们气得发狂 我就说吗   and now the baboons are going ape. Of course, as I say,
贪心从来没好“豹”   cheetahs never prosper.
我的至理名言   That's what I say.
懂吗 我再说一遍 贪心从来…   Do you get... I'll say it again. Cheetahs never...
别闹   Come on!
我在做报告呢   It's the news!
你做得非常好   That's very good!
陛下   Sire!
陛下 有鬣狗非法越界   Sire! Hyenas in the Pride Lands.
正在大肆捕猎   They're on the hunt!
莎拉碧在哪里   Where's Sarabi?
她正带头驱赶鬣狗   She's leading the charge.
沙祖 带辛巴回家   Zazu, take Simba home.
老爸 带我去 我要帮忙   Dad, let me come! I can help.
不行 儿子   No, son.
你和其他小狮子待在一起   You stay with the other cubs.
我已经不小了   I am not a cub.
快点吧   Come on.
我们回家   Let's go home.
到家了   Here we are.
你快过去 找小伙伴玩去   Now you go along and play with the other cubs.
真没劲   Great.
想要猎杀成功   If you wish to kill something...
你最好藏在下风处   you might want to stay downwind.
我会捕猎 刀疤叔叔   I know how to hunt, Uncle Scar.
幸好咱们的天敌不是甲虫   Well, let's hope we're never attacked by a beetle.
回自己的窝里待着 辛巴   Go back to your den, Simba.
我不照顾小宝宝   I don't babysit.
小宝宝   Babysit?
我将来要成为这里的国王   I'm gonna be the king of Pride Rock.
我爸带我看了整个王国   My dad showed me the whole kingdom.
我将会统治一切   Said I'm going to rule it all.
是那样吗   Is that so?
你想想   Think about it.
我要是国王 就得给你下达命令   When I'm king, I'll have to give you orders.
指挥你做事   Tell you what to do.
这多奇怪啊   How weird is that?
真难以想象   You've no idea.
你爸带你看过整个王国了吗   So, your dad showed you the whole kingdom?
他带你看过北边的阴暗地带吗   Did he show you the shadows beyond the northern borders?
没有 他说我绝对不能去那里   No. He said I can't go there. Ever.
你爸爸说的完全正确   And he's absolutely right.
大象墓地太危险了   An elephant graveyard is no place
小王子不能去   for a young prince.
那里真有大象的墓地吗   An elephant graveyard? Whoa.
我说的太多了   Oh, dear. I've said too much.
不过我猜你早晚会发现那里   Though I suppose you'd have found out sooner or later...
毕竟你是要当国王的   you being king and all.
那你去过吗   You've been there?
我们都去过 真的不适合小狮子去   We've all been there. And it's no place for a cub.
都是腐烂的尸骨   All those rotting bones...
臭气熏天 满地烂泥   and burning pools of oozing mud.
腐烂的尸骨   Rotting bones?
满地烂泥   Oozing mud?
答应我不要去那里 辛巴   Promise me you'll stay away, Simba.
快去玩吧   Now, you run along.
记住了   And remember...
这是我们的小秘密   it's our little secret...
国王陛下   Your Majesty.
娜娜 快点   Nala! Come on.
我们走   We have to go.
去哪儿   Where?
水潭那边   Watering hole.
辛巴 她还在洗澡呢   Simba, she's having her bath.
我看你也该洗个澡了   And it's time for yours.
妈妈   But, Mom...
我自己会洗澡   I can do it myself.
别乱动   Hold still.
你把我的毛弄乱啦   You're messing up my mane!
老实点 耳朵后面   Come on. Behind the ears.
够了 妈妈   Come on, Mom!
瞧 我干净了 我们能去了吗   See? All clean. Can we go?
不会遇到鬣狗的 你都把他们赶走了   There's no hyenas. You just chased them all off.
就在水潭附近玩 不许跑远了   Just to the watering hole and no further.
千万待在下风处   And stay downwind.
还有一个小条件   And one more little thing.
沙祖 跟你们一起去   Zazu will be going with you.
沙祖   Zazu?
沙祖跟着 不然哪儿也别去   Zazu goes... or you don't.
快点 快跟上   Come along. Keep up.
大家一起行动   Let's move in a unit.
好的 结伴而行   Okay, buddy system.
快说 我们到底去哪儿   So, where are we really going?
你怎么知道的   How did you know?
因为你最讨厌水了   You hate the water.
我听说了一个地方 娜娜   I heard about this place, Nala.
简直不可思议 特别神奇   The most incredible, amazing...
快告诉我是哪里   Just tell me where.
大象的墓地   An elephant graveyard.
还有多远   Whoa. How far is it?
不远了 就在阴暗地带附近   Not far. Just to the shadows.
但是别怕 听说大家都去过   But don't worry, everyone's been there.
我们没去过那么远 迷路了怎么办   We've never been that far before. What if we get lost?
放心吧 娜娜   Relax, Nala.
今天早上我和爸爸巡视了整个王国   I patrolled the entire kingdom this morning with my dad.
没什么可担心的   There's nothing to worry about.
那还有个麻烦   Well, there is one thing.
危险等级提高 有东西在逼近   We have an imminent threat. Something is approaching.
没什么 是我自己的影子   Oh, wait, scratch that. That's my own shadow.
怎么甩掉那个笨蛋呢   How we getting rid of the dodo?
相信我 我有办法   Trust me, I got this.
跟我奔向自由吧   Follow me to freedom.
他们太可爱了   Oh, how lovely it is...
未来的国王   to see the future king
带着他未来的王后   with his future queen.
暖萌得我都想换毛了   I could just molt.
你说什么未来的王后   What do you mean, "future queen"?
将来你们俩会心心相印   Well, one day the two of you will be betrothed.
海誓山盟   Intended.
天长地久   Affianced.
他说的什么鸟语   Simba, you speak bird?
结婚   Married!
总有一天 你们会结婚   Come on. One day you will be married.
成为夫妻   To each other.
那是不可能的 沙祖   That's not gonna happen, Zazu.
绝对 不可能   Never ever.
娜娜是我的朋友   Nala and I are friends.
再说了 她那么害怕犀牛   And besides, she's afraid of rhinos!
他连黑斑羚都没吃过   And he's never eaten an impala.
我尝过一口   I've tried it once.
我们不可能结婚的 沙祖   We are never getting married, Zazu.
你竟然这样无视传统   A monarch who ignores tradition?
有你这种态度   With an attitude like that,
恐怕你会变成一个相当悲惨的国王   I'm afraid you'll be a pretty pathetic king.
我才不会让别人告诉我要去哪里   Well, I'm not letting anyone tell me where to go,
要做什么 要和谁结婚   what to do... and even who to marry.
我要做个不一样的国王   There will never be a king like me.
辛巴 你逃避不了注定的命运   Simba, you can't escape your destiny.
你看着吧   Just watch.
我将会是万兽之王 敌人们要戒备   ♪ I'm gonna be a mighty king So enemies beware ♪
从来没有一个狮子王 才这么几根毛   Well, I've never seen a king of beasts With quite so little hair
就数我最出风头 先王都比不过   ♪ I'm gonna be the main event Like no king was before ♪
我练习威严的模样 和我的狮子吼   ♪ I'm brushing up on looking down Working on my roar ♪
就这样的吼声 还差得远呢   Thus far a rather uninspiring thing
等不及成为狮子王   ♪ Oh, I just can't wait to be king ♪
你的路还长着呢 小王子 如果你觉得…   You have rather a long way to go, young master. If you think...
没有任何吩咐   ♪ No one saying "do this" ♪
听着 当我说…   Now, when I said that...
不受任何束缚   ♪ No one saying "be there" ♪
我的意思是…   What I meant was...
没人敢说“不行”   ♪ No one saying "stop that" ♪
没人敢说“听我说”   ♪ No one saying "see here" ♪
听我说   Now see here!
自由自在到处跑   ♪ Free to run around all day ♪
这个有点儿过分了   Well, that's definitely out.
随心所欲是最好   ♪ Free to do it all my way ♪
是时候和你坐下来好好谈一谈   I think it's time that you and I arranged a heart-to-heart
国王不需要来请教一只小犀鸟   ♪ Kings don't need advice From little hornbills for a start ♪
如果你要这样统治 我可不奉陪   If this is where the monarchy is headed, count me out
辞职不干 离开草原   Out of service Out of Africa
我什么都不管   I wouldn't hang about
这孩子已经翅膀硬了   ♪ This child is getting wildly out of wing ♪
辛巴   Simba!
等不及成为狮子王   ♪ Oh, I just can't wait to be king ♪
辛巴   Simba!
我看不到你 辛巴   I can't see you, Simba.
你必须时刻在我的视线范围内   You must be in my sight at all times.
跟丢了   I've lost him!
我知道你们打什么主意   I know what you're doing!
你们要去哪里 辛巴   Where are you going, Simba?
站住   Come on!
你不要想着躲开我 辛巴   You can't hide from me, Simba.
我发过誓要保护你的安全   It is my sworn duty to keep you safe.
你倒是听我说啊   You listen to me right now.
抱歉 在各位面前扇翅膀   I'm sorry to flutter about in your face,
你们有没有看到一只小狮子   have you seen... He's a little lion.
他很小 也很可爱   He's small, but he's cute.
所有人向左看   ♪ Everybody look left ♪
所有人向右看   ♪ Everybody look right ♪
无论看向哪里   ♪ Everywhere you look I'm ♪
万众瞩目是我   ♪ Standing in the spotlight ♪
还早呢   Not yet.
让世间万物都高歌一曲   ♪ Let every creature go for broke and sing ♪
让歌声从地面传到天边   ♪ Let's hear it in the herd and on the wing ♪
我看到你们了   I see you down there!
让辛巴国王接受最高颂赞   ♪ It's gonna be King Simba's finest fling ♪
等不及成为狮子王   ♪ Oh, I just can't wait to be king ♪
辛巴   Simba!
他等不及成为狮子王   ♪ He just can't wait to be king ♪
我等不及成为   ♪ Oh, I just can't wait ♪
等不及成为   ♪ Just can't wait ♪
狮子王   ♪ To be king ♪
我看不到他   I've lost him!
木法沙一定会把我撕了的   Mufasa's gonna have my feathers.
这下我可惨了   This is not good!
我们真把他给甩了   Simba, we really lost him.
我知道你在想什么   I know what you're thinking.
未来的国王真了不起   "The future king is a genius."
你还好意思说   You can't be serious.
要不是王后帮你 你根本出不来   You would've never gotten away without your queen.
难道你忘记了吗   Aren't you forgetting something?
我不需要王后   There is no queen.
这一点我同意   You could say that again.
我宁可嫁给一头土猪   I'd rather marry an aardvark.
那要看土猪乐不乐意娶你   Good luck finding one that will say yes.
小心我让你鼻青脸肿地回家   Good luck getting out of here without a bruising.
那你试一试   Give it your best shot.
输了吧   Pinned ya!
你欠我一个道歉   You owe me an apology.
就不   Never!
你又输了   Pinned ya. Again.
娜娜 别闹了   Nala, stop!
那是什么   What is that?
你别想骗我 辛巴   You're not gonna trick me, Simba.
那边肯定什么也没…   I know that there's nothing...
肯定就是这里   This must be it.
快来   Come on!
辛巴 我们已经离家太远了   Simba, we're way beyond the Pride Lands.
我们找到了 娜娜   We found it, Nala.
知道这说明什么吗   You know what this means?
说明我们该回家了   It means we can go home.
说明他们再不能把我们当小狮子   It means they won't treat us like cubs anymore.
辛巴快下来 可能会有危险   Simba, get down! It could be dangerous.
危险   Danger?
危险来了我会放声大笑   I laugh in the face of danger.
酷   Cool!
你听见了吗 娜娜   You hear that, Nala?
辛巴 快走吧   Simba, come on!
你已经证明你很勇敢了   You've proved how brave you are.
太阳要下山了 我不想待在这儿…   Now the sun is going down, I'm not just gonna sit here and...
快来瞧瞧啊   Well, look at this.
没想到今晚有客来访   We weren't expecting guests today.
你们两只小狮子要不要   Would you two cubs...
留下来吃晚饭   like to stay for dinner?
对 留下来吃晚饭   Yeah, stay for dinner.
因为你们俩长得就像…   'Cause you look like
夜宵   a midnight snack!
你能不能和我保持一点距离   Can you just give me a little bit of space?
我在帮你   I'm helping.
我们之前说好了的   We have talked about this before.
由我打头阵 我来吸引注意力   I come in alone. I'm the lead distraction
你们悄悄地包围   so everyone can circle.
好的 好的   Okay, okay.
抱歉   Sorry.
别光说抱歉 快行动   Don't be sorry. Just do it.
这顿晚饭我可是等了大半辈子   Now, this is a meal I've waited my whole life for.
我做梦也没有想到   What an unexpected treat,
能吃上国王儿子的肉   to eat the son of a king.
等等 国王 就是那个谁吗   Wait a second, the king? As in you-know-who?
统治王国的那个吗   Who rules you-know-where?
我可不受木法沙的统治   Mufasa does not rule me!
你不能把我怎么样   You can't do anything to me!
因为我是未来的国王   'Cause I'm the future king!
他还想命令我呢   He's telling me what to do.
这么硬气 还真像他爸爸   His father's strength flickering inside.
真想尝尝…   I wonder...
你的骨头是不是也这么硬   how all that bravery will taste.
放过他们 桑琪   Let them go, Shenzi!
他们犯错了 错得很严重   They made a mistake, a horrible mistake!
可你要是这么干   But if you do this,
就是向木法沙国王宣战   you will start a war with Mufasa!
鬣狗和狮子从来就是敌人   Hyenas and lions have been at war since the beginning of time.
今天就让木法沙的血脉   But Mufasa's bloodline
终结于此   will end here!
快跑   Run!
别让他们跑了   Don't let them get away!
快点   Come on!
你们听到了吗   Did you hear that?
这就是未来的国王   The future king!
别吃我   Oh, don't hurt me!
再吼一次   Do it again!
你们胆敢再靠近我的儿子   If you ever come near my son again...
不会了 木法沙   No, Mufasa.
不敢   Never.
再也不敢了   Never again.
我早就警告过你了 桑琪   You've been warned, Shenzi.
我还以为你很勇敢呢   I thought you were very brave.
沙祖   Zazu?
你先把娜娜送回家   Take Nala back to Pride Rock.
是 陛下   Yes, sire.
您别太责备他 陛下   Don't be too hard on him, sire.
曾经也有一只小狮子   I remember a cub,
一样任性又倔强 总是追求冒险   a certain headstrong cub... who was always getting into scrapes.
后来…   And
他也成了好国王 是吧 陛下   he achieved some prominence, did he not, sire?
我必须要给儿子上一课   I have to teach my son a lesson.
娜娜 走吧   Nala, come along.
辛巴   Simba?
你故意违抗我的命令   You deliberately disobeyed me.
我知道错了   I know.
你可能会死掉 而且更糟的是…   You could have been killed. And what's worse,
你害娜娜有生命危险   you put Nala in danger.
你知道这有多严重吗   Do you understand what's at stake?
这可能会危及族群的未来   You jeopardized the future of our pride.
我只是想向你证明   I just wanted to show you
我做得到   I could do it.
我可以像你一样勇敢   That I could be brave like you.
我只在必要时才会勇敢 在别无选择时   I'm only brave when I have to be, when there's no other choice.
可是 你什么都不怕呀   But you're not scared of anything.
我今天就怕了   I was today.
真的吗   You were?
是的 我害怕会失去你   Yes. I thought I might lose you.
原来国王也会害怕   I guess even kings get scared, huh?
你想象不到我有多害怕   More than you could ever know.
可你知道吗 什么   But guess what? What?
我觉得那些鬣狗更害怕   I think those hyenas were even scareder.
因为谁都没有胆子惹你爸爸   That's 'cause nobody messes with your dad.
你过来   Come here.
爸爸   Dad?
咱们是好朋友 对吧   We're pals, right?
是的   Right.
我们会永远在一起   And we'll always be together...
对吗   right?
辛巴 我爸爸以前对我说过这样的话   Simba, let me tell you something my father told me.
你看那些星星   Look at the stars.
过去那些伟大的国王   The great kings of the past...
就在那些星星上看着我们   look down on us from those stars.
真的吗 是的   Really? Yes.
所以每当你寂寞的时候   So whenever you feel alone...
你就想想…   just remember
死去的国王永远在天上指引你   that those kings... will always be up there to guide you.
我也一样会   And so will I.
我怎么看不到他们呀   But I can't see them, Dad.
用心看 儿子   Keep looking, son.
用心看   Keep looking.
木法沙太强了   Mufasa is strong.
比我们强壮太多了   Like, way stronger than us.
我需要私人空间 什么   Please give me some space. What?
能躺的地方多的是   You could lay anywhere in this cave.
你是要我… 我需要空间 好吗   Where do you want me to... I need some personal space. Okay?
好吧   Okay.
我不是瞧不起你 你也不错   Not to take anything away from you. You were great.
可他真的…   But he is...
我知道了 你就是跟我过不去   See, now I know you're doing this on purpose.
他好威风 强悍 精力充沛   Very brave, too. Tough, good energy.
你这样真的很烦   Now you're just being spiteful.
动作也帅气   Good posture.
下次让我碰到木法沙   Next time I see Mufasa...
我要狠狠教训他 叫他一辈子忘不了   I'm gonna teach him a lesson he will never forget.
你的机会来啦 他就在你背后   Well, you're in luck! He's right behind ya.
木法沙   Mufasa?
来的不是国王   That's not the king.
你们这些蠢货把这里吃得寸草不生   You fools have stripped your land of every living thing.
我好不容易送来两只小狮子   And yet I send two little cubs your way...
你们却让他们活着回去了   and they come back alive.
既然你来找死 吃你也一样   I guess we'll have to eat you instead.
何必吃我这一顿呢   Why eat one meal...
我能让你们下半辈子不愁吃喝   when you can be feasting the rest of your lives?
你有什么好处给我们   What could you possibly offer us?
我可以让你们吃饱肚子   A place where you can fill your bellies.
凡是阳光照到的地方你们都能猎杀   Where everything the light touches is yours for the kill.
荣耀王国又不是你的   The Pride Lands are not yours to give.
是木法沙掌管捕猎地带   The king controls those hunting grounds.
所以我们要杀了他   That's why we're going to kill him.
木法沙从不允许我们痛快地猎食其它动物   Mufasa has always shown too much restraint... when it comes to hunting.
我要是国王…   When I am king...
会让你们想吃多少就吃多少   the mighty will be free to take whatever they want.
我知道鬣狗的肚子永远填不满   Because a hyena's belly is never full.
木法沙太强大了 不可能战胜他   Mufasa's far too powerful to challenge.
木法沙的时代已经过去   ♪ Mufasa is yesterday's message ♪
他的统治 软弱不堪   ♪ A clapped-out, distracted regime ♪
他的没落 慢慢彰显   ♪ Whose failings undoubtedly presage ♪
王国需要新的道路   ♪ The need for a dif'rent dream ♪
没错 狮子的王国正在变天   ♪ Yes, leonine times are a-changing ♪
鬣狗也需要跟上脚步   ♪ Which means that hyenas must too ♪
我的眼前已有宏大的图景   ♪ My vision is clear and wide-ranging ♪
你们也是其中一部分   ♪ And even encompasses you ♪
准备好 前所未有的政变   ♪ So prepare for the coup of the century ♪
准备好 迎接阴险的侵袭   ♪ Prepare for the murkiest scam ♪
这周详的谋划 这细致的安排   ♪ Meticulous planning Tenacity spanning ♪
数十年的蛰伏 我终于要成百兽之王   ♪ Decades of denial Is simply why I'll Be king Undisputed ♪
名正言顺 备受崇敬 万众膜拜   ♪ Respected Saluted ♪
见证新国王的时代   ♪ And seen for the wonder I am ♪
是的 我的尖牙与野心已暴露   ♪ Yes, my teeth and ambitions are bared ♪
快准备   ♪ Be prepared ♪
快准备   ♪ Be prepared ♪
快准备   ♪ Be prepared ♪
快准备   ♪ Be prepared ♪
快准备   ♪ Be prepared ♪
是的 我的尖牙与野心已暴露   ♪ Yes, our teeth and ambitions are bared ♪
快准备   ♪ Be prepared ♪
我上次惹得爸爸特别生气   My dad was pretty upset with me.
所以我们才要到这儿来   That's why we're here, Simba.
我知道有个办法能让你弥补过错   I think I know a way for you to make it up to him.
一份礼物   A gift
能让他再也不追究那天的事   that will make him forget it ever happened.
可他是国王 我能送他什么呢   But he's the king. What could I give him?
你的吼声   Your roar.
我的吼声   My roar?
对   Yes!
听到了吗   Did you hear that?
所有狮子都来这个峡谷练习吼叫   This gorge is where all lions come to find their roar.
所有狮子   All lions?
我爸也来过吗   Even my dad?
你爸爸像你这么大的时候也来过   Even Mufasa came here when he was your age.
他不停地练习   Refused to leave...
最后他的吼声一直传到了   until his roar could be heard
峡谷上面   above the rim.
一直传到峡谷上面   All the way up there?
那时候就算练成了   That's when you know you've found it.
只要稍加练习   With a little practice...
就没人敢再叫你小狮子了   you'll never be called a cub again.
看我的   Watch this.
你会成功的 辛巴   You'll get it, Simba.
多练练就好了   Just takes time.
我一会儿再来看你   I'll check on you later.
我爸一定会非常骄傲 是吧   Dad will be so proud, won't he?
这份礼物 他到死都忘不了   It's a gift he'll never forget.
木法沙 快去   Mufasa! Quick!
角马群奔进了峡谷   Stampede in the gorge!
辛巴还在那里   Simba's down there!
辛巴   Simba?
我去找他   I'll find him.
沙祖   Zazu!
撑住 国王马上来救你   Hold on! Help is coming!
他在那儿 那棵树上   There he is! On that tree!
我来了 辛巴 抓紧   I'm coming, Simba! Hold on!
我去帮他 沙祖 你去通知大家   I'll help them, Zazu! You get the pride!
快去   Go!
爸爸   Dad!
辛巴   Simba!
到我这儿来 儿子   Come to me, son.
跳过来   Jump!
爸爸   Dad!
刀疤   Scar!
拉我一把   Help me.
愿国王…   Long live
万岁   the king!
不   No!
爸爸   Dad?
爸爸   Dad?
爸爸   Dad?
爸爸   Dad?
起来呀 你醒醒   Come on, wake up.
救命   Help!
快来救我们   Somebody help!
辛巴   Simba!
你干了什么   What have you done?
好大一群角马   It was a stampede.
爸爸想救我 这是个意外   He tried to save me. It was an accident.
我不是故意的 你当然不是   I didn't mean for it to... Of course you didn't.
没人会故意造成这种事情   No one ever means for these things to happen.
可国王毕竟死了   But the king is dead...
如果不是因为你   and if it weren't for you...
他现在还活着   he'd still be alive.
你爸爸对你抱着多么大的希望   Your father had such hopes for you...
给了你那么多机会   gave you so many chances.
而你就这样报答他吗   And this is how you repay him.
我不知道 我没想到   I didn't know. I didn't know.
你妈妈会怎么想呢   Oh, what will your mother think?
身为儿子 害死了父亲   A son who causes his father's death.
身为王子 害死了国王   A boy who kills a king.
我该怎么办呢   What am I gonna do?
跑   Run.
跑得远远的 辛巴   Run away, Simba.
离开这里   Run away
而且永远别回来   and never return!
杀了他   Kill him.
下去看看 确认他死了   Go down and make sure he's dead.
你又忘了   Seriously?
对不起   Oh, I'm sorry.
记住保持这个距离   That's a good distance right there.
好   Okay.
小狮子掉下去肯定死了   No little cub could survive that fall.
听着 待会就对她说   Listen, we're gonna tell her...
我们下去看了 然后… 把他吃了   we went down there and we ate him.
太棒了 我都快饿死了   That's perfect, 'cause I am starving!
不是真的吃他   We're not gonna eat him.
辛巴已经死了   Simba is dead.
我们就这么告诉桑琪   That's all she ever has to know.
随你便   Works for me.
木法沙国王死了   SCAR: Mufasa's death
真是可怕的悲剧   is a terrible tragedy.
他是最伟大的荣耀国国王   The greatest leader the pride has ever known.
我失去了大哥   To lose a brother...
心中感到…   such a deep,
深切的…   personal
悲痛   loss.
还有可怜的辛巴 他的生活才刚刚开始   And little Simba, who had barely begun to live.
小王子本应是狮群的未来   A cub whose blood held our future.
想到这一点 让我更加难以承受   It's almost too much to endure.
我多希望当时能早点赶到峡谷   I only wish I had gotten to the gorge in time...
赶到他们身边救起他们   been there to save them.
如今我不得不怀着悲痛   And so it is with a heavy heart...
担起责任   that I must
继承王位   assume the throne.
木法沙和辛巴都死了   Mufasa and Simba are gone...
这意味着我…   which means I
是你们的国王   am your king.
我必须承认   But I must admit...
我无法独自担负这个重任   I cannot bear this burden alone.
我需要盟友的帮助 来守护…   And I will need some help... to ensure
荣耀王国的安全   the safety of the pride.
娜娜 跟紧我   Nala, stay close.
今后… 我们要从悲痛中振作起来   And so, from the ashes of this tragedy...
迎接一个崭新时代的来临   we shall welcome the dawning of a new era.
走向伟大的…   A great...
光明的… 未来   and glorious future!
天啊   Oh, dear.
（科萨语）
又没逮到   I missed 'em!
总有一天我要逮一只秃鹰   I'm gonna get one of those vultures one day.
一定要逮到   I'm gonna get one!
真不懂你为什么这样执着   I don't know why it's so important to you.
因为逮着了会让我有成就感   I just feel like it would make me feel better.
是一头小狮子   Oh, no. It's a little lion!
那不是狮子 那你看看是什么   That is not a lion. Well then, go check it out. What is it?
绝对不是狮子 是毛茸茸的大鸟   That is not a lion, it's a furry bird!
看起来像狮子   It looks like a lion!
这哪儿是狮子   That's not a lion.
让我仔细瞧一瞧 借过一下   Let me get a closer look. Excuse me.
好吧 我们看看这到底是个什么   All right, let me see what we're dealing with here.
真是狮子   It's a lion!
快逃命啊 彭彭 你等一下 丁满   Run for your life, Pumbaa! Wait! Hey, Timon.
别跑 丁满 等等 他只是头小狮子   Wait, Timon, wait! It's a little lion!
他会长大的   It gets bigger.
带他回家吧 咱们养他好不好   Can we keep him? Can we please keep him?
我知道 我保证我会天天遛他   Oh, oh, okay. I promise I'll walk him every day!
他的吃喝拉撒 我会处理好   If he makes a little mess, I'll clean it up.
你会被他吃掉   You'll be his little mess!
先把你吃了 然后用我当牙签   He's gonna eat you and then use my body as a toothpick!
可是将来 等他长大了   But one day, when he's big and strong,
就是咱们这边儿的   he'll be on our side!
我有个主意   I've got it.
让他变成我们这边儿的   What if he's on our side?
你听我说   Hear me out!
有一头凶悍的狮子在身边   Having a ferocious lion around
这主意或许还不错   might not be such a bad idea!
那我们能养他吗   Well then, can we keep him?
是的 当然可以养他   Yes, of course we can keep him!
真是的 到底谁说了算啊   My God, who is the brains of this operation?
我们就叫他“飞来的”   We're gonna name him Fred!
你们是谁   Who are you?
我们俩救了你的命   Uh, we're the guys who saved your life.
冒着危险赶走了可怕的秃鹰   Risked everything. Fought off angry vultures!
好多秃鹰 乌压压的   Hordes of them. Flocks.
我是彭彭   I'm Pumbaa.
他叫丁满   This is Timon.
听到了吗 我们救了你的命   Did I mention that we saved your life?
无所谓了   It doesn't matter.
他受了什么打击 连命都无所谓了   Whoa. How bleak is that? It doesn't even matter?
难道我操的心还不够多   Like I don't have enough that I'm dealing with, right?
他要死要活也归我管吗   Now his problems are my problems?
但我们可以帮他啊 他是我们这边的   But we can help him. We're in a position to help him.
所以… 你怎么了 请用一句话概括下   So, how are you, in as few words as possible?
我做了很可怕的事   I did something terrible.
但我不想跟你们说   I don't wanna talk about it.
听着孩子 谁都犯过错   Look, kid, we've all made mistakes.
我们多少能帮点儿忙 是吧   Uh, there must be something we can do, right?
除非你们能够改变过去   Not unless you can change the past.
你也知道这不可能 的确不可能   Well, you know, that's a lot to ask... That's pretty hard.
过去怎么改啊 太难了   ...if I'm being honest. I mean,
过去的都过去了   change the past? It already happened.
是 你改变不了 但是…   Yeah, so you can't change that. But
你可以改变…   you know what you can change?
未来   The future.
这是我们的专长 我同意   That's our specialty. Kind of our thing.
还没有发生的事情要怎么改变呢   How can you change something that hasn't happened?
是这样   Well,
要想改变未来   to change the future,
你必须把过去抛到脑后   you gotta put your past behind you.
抛得远远的   Way behind.
听着 小狮子 坏事常常有   Look, kid, bad things happen
你根本拿它没办法 对吧   and you can't do anything about it, right?
对   Right.
错   Wrong!
要是世界和你过不去   When the world turns its back on you...
你就让世界一边儿去   you turn your back on the world!
转身去迎接新的一天   And only embrace what's next!
把“怎么办”变成“又怎么样”   And turn the "what" into "so what?"
可是 我以前学的不是这样   Well, that's not what I was taught.
那你也许应该学点新知识   Well, then maybe you need a new lesson.
跟我一起念 孩子   Repeat after me, kid.
哈库呐   Hakuna
玛塔塔   matata
什么 哈库呐 玛塔塔   What? Hakuna matata.
哈库呐 玛塔塔   Hakuna matata.
哈库呐 别人听到都很兴奋的   Hakuna Most people get a bigger reaction
有人听了立马激动得拍巴掌 哈库呐 玛塔塔   Some people start clapping immediately. Hakuna matata.
意思是“无忧无虑” 预备…   It means "no worries." One and a...
让我来打拍子 可我想数拍子   OK. I do the counting here.
我想… 数拍子   I wanna count!
要不就一起来吧   Why don't we count together?
好吧 那一起来 好的   Okay, that's a good idea. All right.
一 二…   One and a two and a...
哈库呐 玛塔塔   ♪ Hakuna matata ♪
多美妙的词语   ♪ What a wonderful phrase ♪
哈库呐 玛塔塔   ♪ Hakuna matata ♪
它简单又好记   ♪ It ain't no passing craze ♪
从现在开始 没有烦恼忧虑   ♪ It means no worries For the rest of your days ♪
这是我们的 快乐主义   ♪ It's our problem-free Philosophy ♪
哈库呐 玛塔塔   ♪ Hakuna matata ♪
哈库呐 玛塔塔   Hakuna matata?
对 是我们的座右铭   Yeah, it's our motto.
什么是座右铭   What's a motto?
无所谓 你管它是什么   Nothin'. What's-a-motto with you?
说得好   Nice. Boom!
这几个字能够解决你所有的问题   Those two words will solve all your problems.
对 拿彭彭举例来说   Yeah. Take Pumbaa here.
知道吗   Why,
当他还是小疣猪   ♪ When he was a young warthog ♪
那小疣猪就是我   ♪ When I was a young warthog ♪
你还好吧 提起来就伤心   How are you feeling? It's an emotional story.
发现自己的气味不受欢迎   ♪ He found his aroma lacked a certain appeal ♪
每顿饭后都会让人难以忍受   ♪ He could clear the savannah after every meal ♪
别看我的皮厚 其实内心娇柔   ♪ I'm a sensitive soul Although I seem thick-skinned ♪
我好伤心 我的朋友都嫌我臭   ♪ And it hurt that my friends never stood downwind ♪
我陪在你身边 其实也不情愿   I was always here for you and I resent that.
真丢脸 他非常自卑   ♪ And, oh, the shame Yes, he was ashamed ♪
我想过要改名字   ♪ I thought of changing my name ♪
改成什么 香香猪   I mean, to what, "Brad"?
后来我放弃了   ♪ And I got downhearted ♪
每当我想放…   ♪ Ev'ry time that I farted ♪
你不要阻止我吗   Are you gonna stop me?
不 我才不要 你恶心死了   No, I'm not! You disgust me!
哈库呐 玛塔塔   ♪ Hakuna matata ♪
多美妙的词语   ♪ What a wonderful phrase ♪
哈库呐 玛塔塔   ♪ Hakuna matata ♪
它简单又好记   ♪ Ain't no passing craze ♪
从现在开始 没有烦恼忧虑   ♪ It means no worries For the rest of your days ♪
好 唱下去   Yeah, sing it, kid
这是我们的 快乐主义   ♪ It's our problem-free Philosophy ♪
哈库呐 玛塔塔   ♪ Hakuna matata ♪
欢迎来到寒舍   Welcome to our humble home.
你们住在这儿吗   You live here?
我们想住哪儿就住哪儿   Well, we live wherever we want.
我们随心所欲   We do as we please.
这里好漂亮   It's beautiful.
是还不错吧   Yeah, it's really nice, huh?
各位 这是辛巴   Everyone, this is Simba.
没看清楚吗 他是头狮子   That, my friend, is a lion.
他吃什么 你没拿什么喂他   What about food? Have you thought about feeding that thing?
是啊 我饿了 能吃下一匹斑马   Yeah, I'm starved! I could eat a whole zebra.
听见了吗   Here we go.
不 孩子 这里没有斑马肉   no, kid, we're fresh out of zebra.
有羚羊吗   Any antelope?
没有 听着孩子…   No, listen, kid...
你跟我们住 就得跟我们吃一样   if you want to live with us, you have to eat like us.
最重要的是   And most importantly,
不能吃我们   not eat us!
这里像是可以弄到昆虫的好地方   This looks like a good spot to rustle up some grub!
太棒了 让一让 各位   Yeah! It's perfect! Step aside, fellas!
那是什么   What's that?
嚼不烂   Too chewy.
这只吃起来像坚果   This one's got some nuttiness!
这只的味道够鲜美的   Now that's what I call umami!
粘粘的 但是很解馋   Slimy, yet satisfying.
嚼起来脆脆的 本地产的   Extra crunchy. They're local.
对 是吗   Yeah. Oh, are they?
就是从那儿来的   They're from right there.
你听我说 孩子 这种生活最棒了   I'm telling ya, kid, this is the great life.
没有规则   No rules.
也没有责任   No responsibilities.
这个是夹馅流心的 我超爱吃这种   Ooh! The little cream-filled kind. I love these!
那种挺好的 最好吃了 我超爱吃这种   Those are good. I love these. Those are the best.
头能给我吗 尝尝吗   Can I have the head? Well, kid?
那好吧   Oh, well.
哈库呐 玛塔塔   Hakuna matata.
粘粘的   Slimy...
但是… 很解馋   yet satisfying.
我说吧 没骗你哦   That's it! We didn't lie!
虫卵 我找到好多虫卵   Egg sac! I got an egg sac!
哈库呐 玛塔塔   ♪ Hakuna matata ♪
从现在开始 没有烦恼忧虑   ♪ It means no worries For the rest of your days ♪
这是我们的 快乐主义   ♪ It's our problem-free Philosophy ♪
哈库呐 玛塔塔   ♪ Hakuna matata ♪
哈库呐 玛塔塔   ♪ Hakuna matata ♪
哈库呐 玛塔塔   ♪ Hakuna matata ♪
从现在开始 没有烦恼忧虑   ♪ It means no worries For the rest of your days ♪
这是我们的 快乐主义   ♪ It's our problem-free Philosophy ♪
哈库呐 玛塔塔   ♪ Hakuna matata ♪
再一次   One more time.
不 我觉得够了 这一遍唱得好棒   Oh, no, I think we did it. Yeah.  I think we got this one.
我才刚刚找对感觉 算了 听多就腻了   But we're just getting in the groove, guys. No, let's leave 'em wanting more.
你都从小唱到这么大了   Yeah, you've grown 400 pounds since we started.
我倒是一点都没变   Meanwhile I look exactly the same.
没有烦恼忧虑   ♪ It means no worries ♪
能叫他歇会儿吗 是你坚持要唱的   Will you tell him to stop? But you insisted we sing the song.
我坚持 明明是你先唱的   I insisted? You started singing it!
这是咱们的成名作 不应该随便唱   Well, it's our signature song... we shouldn't be sharing it with everyone.
正因为是成名作 我们才要…   But it's our signature song, so we have to.
听着 快叫他别唱了   Look, just tell him to stop.
没有烦恼忧虑   ♪ It means no worries ♪
他还发挥了   now he's riffing, Pumbaa.
你听 真是一场噩梦   This is a nightmare.
他唱得越来越好了   It actually is becoming better and better.
娜娜   Nala.
过来   Come.
和我们在一起   Sit with us.
沙祖 你去哪儿了   Zazu, where have you been?
对不起 娜娜 我已经尽快赶回来了   I'm sorry, Nala. I came as soon as I could.
汇报一下 沙祖   The morning report, Zazu.
王后陛下 荣耀王国处境非常危险   Your Majesty, the Pride Lands are in imminent danger.
鬣狗就要把动物们赶尽杀绝了   The hyenas are chasing off the last of the herds.
那只鸟回来了   The bird's back!
抓住他   Get him!
你敢再回来 我一口把你吃掉   Don't come here again, unless you want to be eaten!
我们得做些什么 王后   We have to do something, Sarabi.
我们要反抗   We have to fight!
娜娜   Nala.
刀疤现在是国王   Scar is the king.
可您是我们的王后   But you are our queen!
我们应该趁早离开这里   We should leave before it's too late!
我们必须留在这里守护荣耀王国   We must all stay together and protect the Pride Lands.
这是我们的家园   This is our home.
我们绝不能轻易放弃   We must never abandon it.
可这不是我记忆中的家园   This isn't the home I remember.
一定会有转机的 娜娜   Our time will come, Nala.
要耐心一些   Be patient.
莎拉碧   Sarabi.
国王说要见你   The king wishes to see you.
不要去   Don't go.
我并不害怕他   I'm not afraid of him.
要和我一起吃吗 莎拉碧   Won't you join me, Sarabi?
食物还多着呢   There's plenty to go around.
你在过度捕猎 刀疤   You're overhunting, Scar.
我只是提高了捕猎效率   I've simply perfected the kill.
他们也帮了忙   With the help of my army.
你们是在无节制地滥杀   You're killing everything.
你没看到吗   Don't you see?
现在谁也不敢违抗我   There is nobody to challenge me.
我们想要什么就有什么   We can finally take whatever we want.
我们   We?
想当年 你选择了木法沙而不是我   Long ago you chose Mufasa over me.
可现在我当了国王   But now there is a new king.
你就别这么自私了   So stop being so selfish.
自私的是你   You are the selfish one.
别的狮子都听你的   The other lions look to you.
你不低头 他们就不会服从我   As long as you resist they will reject me.
赶紧站到我身边来 一起享用猎物   Take your place by my side, and we will feast together.
我绝不会做你的王后   I will never be your queen!
从现在开始…   Then from now on...
你们只能吃鬣狗剩下的食物   the lions will eat after the hyenas.
别指望他们剩下多少   And they don't leave much behind.
你不睡觉想干什么 小姑娘   Just what do you think you are doing, young lady?
你让开 沙祖   Go away, Zazu.
我要去寻找帮助   I'm going to find help.
让我走开 你想都不要想   I will very much not go away.
我发过誓要保护你   I am sworn to protect you
现在我命令你回去睡觉   and must order you back to bed.
我已经不需要保护了   I don't need protecting anymore.
刀疤 真高兴见到你   Scar! Uh, wonderful to see you.
不好意思半夜来找你   Uh, sorry to drop in like this!
我之前有没有给你讲过   Have I ever told you about
我表哥 他以为自己是啄木鸟   my brother who thought he was a woodpecker?
娜娜   Nala...
我要抓住你 我要抓住你   Oh, I'm gonna get ya! I'm gonna get ya!
差一点 就差一点   Oh, I got ya!
辛巴 是你啊   Simba! It's you!
你看到了吗 刚才那只蝴蝶就在那儿   Did you see that? Man, that butterfly was right there!
我差点就抓住了   I almost had him.
我还以为是狮子 不是你这种狮子   I thought it was a lion. You know, the other kind of lion.
就是真正的狮子   You know, a real lion?
我不是说你是假狮子 不过狮子会吃…   I mean, not that you're not a real lion. But you know, the kind that eats...
我先走了   I'm gonna go.
你要去哪儿   Hey, where you going?
要一起吃虫子吗   You wanna get some grubs?
他这是怎么了   What's up with that guy?
辛巴   Um, Simba...
这让我怎么说呢   How can I say this?
他是吃草的 对   He's prey. Yeah.
所以他跟你这个吃肉的家伙   And he is never gonna want to frolic
玩不到一起去   with a carnivore.
对 是永远玩不到一起   No. You two will never frolic.
为什么呀   Why not?
你看啊 万事万物   You see, in nature
都维持着微妙的平衡   there's a delicate balance.
对 生命的循环 我知道   Oh, yeah. The circle of life. I know that.
不对 错了 错了   No, no, no.
不知道你从哪里听来的循环的说法   I don't know where you're getting "circle" from.
生命根本不是循环 没有什么循环   There's no circle of life. No, it's no circle.
不 绝对不是 其实…   No, not at all. In fact,
正好相反 对   it's the opposite. Yeah.
生命是一条线 没错   It's a line. Yeah.
一条无情又无意义的直线   It's a meaningless line of indifference.
我们从线的起点走向终点   And we're all just running towards the end of the line.
等有一天走到了尽头 就彻底完了   And then one day we'll reach the end, and that'll be it.
完蛋了 线断了   That's it. Line over!
到头儿了 没有了   Nothing.  Nada.
你只要管好自己 为自己考虑   And you can really just kinda... do your own thing and fend for yourself...
因为你的线连不上别人的线   'cause your line doesn't affect anyone else's lines.
活着活着就死了 就像这家伙   You're alive and then you're not. Like this guy.
真的不是循环吗   You sure it's not a circle?
我们彼此没联系吗   That we're all connected?
要是我们全都有联系   A circle would mean we're all this.
那我做的事会影响到他   That would mean what I do affects him...
影响到这家伙 不对   affects that thing. No.
还有那个 不是这样的 那样的话…   Affects that thing. That's not how it goes.
随心所欲地生活就不酷了   Which would make doing whatever we wanted not that cool.
我来给你总结一下吧   Let me simplify this for you.
生命是没有意义的   Life is meaningless.
没错 你只要管好自己就行了   Yes. That's why you just gotta look out for yourself.
所以你要做自己 辛巴   That's why you do you, Simba.
对 辛巴 我今天破个例   Yeah, Simba, for the first time...
让你来决定咱们怎么度过这一整天   we're entrusting you to make a plan for us today.
这件事很重要 想想我们教你的道理   This is important. Think about all you've been taught.
说说你自己想做什么   What do you wanna do?
那还用说   Absolutely
什么都不做   nothing.
就是这样 他明白了 中大奖啦   Exactly! He gets it! Jackpot!
让一下 让一下   Out of my way! Out of my way!
好脆呀 太好了 开饭啦   Crunchy! All right! Time to eat!
听听   Oh. Hello!
打得真响亮 辛巴   Nice one, Simba.
谢谢了 肯定是白蚁吃多了   Oh, thanks. Must've been the termites.
或者是蟋蟀   Or the crickets.
你理解我为什么喜欢睡在地下了吧   And you wonder why I prefer to sleep underground.
丁满   Hey, Timon.
你有没有好奇过那些发光的小点点是什么   Do you ever look up there and wonder what those sparkly dots are?
彭彭 我不好奇 我知道   Oh, Pumbaa. I don't wonder. I know.
真的吗 是什么   Really? What are they?
那些是萤火虫   They're fireflies.
被扣在那个大大的蓝黑色罩子里   Fireflies that got stuck on that big, bluish-black thing.
你说得有道理   I guess that makes sense.
我一直以为它们是一团团气体   I always thought they were balls of gas
在很远的地方燃烧着   burning billions of miles away.
彭彭 你怎么说什么都要扯上臭气啊   Pumbaa, why is everything always gas with you?
也是   I know.
你说呢 辛巴 是啊   What do you think, Simba? Yeah.
我不知道   I don't know.
不过有人跟我说过   But somebody once told me...
上面有很多逝去的伟大国王   the great kings of the past are up there...
他们正在看着我们   and they're all watching over us.
这个笑话好   That's a good one!
笑死我了   That's insane!
笑死我了   That's insane!
一群死掉的国王在看着我们   Royal dead guys watching over us!
但愿他们别从天上掉下来   Well, I hope they don't fall out of the sky!
抓紧点 各位陛下 别掉下来了   Hang on, Your Majesty! Don't let go!
那样乐子可就大了   Oh, that would be a mess.
太逗了   Oh, man!
我说辛巴 你想想看   I mean, Simba, think about it.
为什么一帮国王要看着我们呢   Why would a bunch of kings be looking out for us?
我们算什么 我是皇家小猪   We're outcasts. Royal warthogs!
受不了了   I can't!
我真的受不了了   I actually can't.
受不了了 不   I can't. No,
你受得了 我受不了   you can. I can't.
是啊   Yeah.
是啊   Yeah.
是啊 这种想法…   Yeah. That's...
真的挺傻的   That's stupid.
我先走了 去弄点虫子什么的   I'm gonna go get some grubs or something.
你对他说什么了 我不知道   What did you say to him? I don't know.
你说的时候 我就感觉他不太对劲   As you were saying it, I thought, "This won't end well."
结果你还使劲儿傻笑 你也笑了   You just start laughing. You laughed too.
我才没有 我绝不会笑   I did not. I would never.
都是我不好   Man, I blew it.
辛巴   Simba.
辛巴 还活着   Simba is alive!
（科萨语）
在丛林中 茂盛的丛林 狮子正在熟睡   ♪ In the jungle, the mighty jungle The lion sleeps tonight ♪
在丛林中 安静的丛林 狮子正在熟睡   ♪ In the jungle, the quiet jungle The lion sleeps tonight ♪
在村庄旁 平和的村庄 狮子正在熟睡   ♪ Near the village, the peaceful village The lion sleeps tonight ♪
在村庄旁 宁静的村庄 狮子正在熟睡   ♪ Near the village, the quiet village The lion sleeps tonight ♪
不好了 彭彭   Pumbaa!
赶快逃命啊   Run for your life!
快跑 彭彭 跑   Run, Pumbaa, run!
丁满 救我   Timon, help!
彭彭   Pumbaa!
彭彭   Pumbaa?
我要死啦   I'm gonna die!
我来救你 彭彭 坚持住   I'm coming, Pumbaa! Hang in there!
让开 让开 让开   Move! Move! Move!
不   No!
不好 不好了   Oh, no! Oh, no!
不   No!
娜娜   Nala?
辛巴   Simba?
真的是你吗   Is that really you?
是我   Yeah.
我是辛巴 对   It's me, Simba!
娜娜 你怎么在这儿 我不是做梦吧   Nala, what're you doing? Oh, my... I don't believe it!
看看你   Look at you!
彭彭   Pumbaa...
你大概不会被吃了   I don't think you're getting eaten.
你跑哪儿去了   Oh, where have you been?
我还以为你死了   I thought you were dead!
你以为他死了 我还以为我死了呢   You thought he was dead. I thought I was dead!
我差点被你吃了   I thought you were gonna eat me.
太好玩了   What fun!
不好意思 我想先问一下   I'm so sorry, before we move on,
你们俩怎么认识的   how do you two know each other?
丁满 彭彭   Timon, Pumbaa...
快来见见我最好的朋友 娜娜   I want you to meet my best friend, Nala.
最好的朋友 我好伤心   Best friend? Well, that hurts.
娜娜你肯定会喜欢这儿的   Nala, you're gonna love it here!
这可是个好地方 想要什么东西都有   This place is amazing. It's everything you could ever want.
辛巴 你得跟我回去   Simba, we need to leave.
刀疤带着鬣狗群占领了王国   Scar has taken over with the hyenas.
你必须回去 夺回王位   You have to take your place as king.
王位 辛巴   King? Simba?
您忠诚的仆人向您致敬   We kneel before you as loyal servants.
彭彭 别闹 她搞错了   Pumbaa, relax. She's wrong.
姑娘 我看你是找错狮子了 说的好   Lady, you've got your lions crossed. Nice.
能再见到你   Seeing you again,
你不知道这对大家意味着什么   you don't know what this will mean to everyone.
对我又意味着什么   What this means to me.
你得跟我回家   You have to come home.
这里就是我的家   This is my home.
留下来好吗   Please stay.
这儿真的特别棒   This place is incredible.
你肯定会喜欢的   I know you'll love it.
我不能留下   I can't.
别这样   Come on!
至少让我带你到处转转   At least let me show you around.
你要去哪儿呀   Where are you going?
辛巴 这地方太美了   Simba, it's so beautiful.
事实已在眼前   ♪ I can see what's happening ♪
什么事实   I can't. What?
他俩 却没发现   ♪ And they don't have a clue ♪
你在说谁   Who's "they"?
他们会相爱 一切都将改变   ♪ They'll fall in love And here's the bottom line ♪
三人行剩我俩   ♪ Our trio's down to two ♪
我明白了   Oh, I get it.
那甜蜜暧昧的暮光   ♪ The sweet caress of twilight ♪
是啊   Yeah.
爱情四处弥漫   ♪ There's magic ev'rywhere ♪
到处都是   It's ev'rywhere.
让浪漫温馨充满每一处   ♪ And with all this romantic atmosphere ♪
灾难即将出现   ♪ Disaster's in the air ♪
这夜晚 爱情到来   ♪ Can you feel The love tonight? ♪
如此美丽平静   ♪ The peace the evening brings ♪
整个世界 此刻完美和谐   ♪ The world for once in perfect harmony ♪
众生与之共鸣   ♪ With all its living things ♪
太多话想对她说   ♪ So many things to tell her ♪
如何才能表明   ♪ But how to make her see ♪
我过去的真相 我恐怕   ♪ The truth about my past? Impossible ♪
她会离我而去   ♪ She'd turn away from me ♪
他在犹豫 在逃避   ♪ He's holding back, he's hiding ♪
但我却不明白   ♪ But what, I can't decide ♪
为什么他不愿做狮子王   ♪ Why won't he be the king I know he is? ♪
成为真正的自己   ♪ The king I see inside? ♪
这夜晚 爱情到来   ♪ Can you feel the love tonight? ♪
如此美丽平静   ♪ The peace the evening brings ♪
整个世界 此刻完美和谐   ♪ The world for once in perfect harmony ♪
众生与之共鸣   ♪ With all its living things ♪
这夜晚 爱情到来   ♪ Can you feel The love tonight? ♪
无需寻寻觅觅   ♪ You needn't look too far ♪
你能感受 就不用再怀疑   ♪ Stealing through the night's uncertainties ♪
爱就在当下   ♪ Love is where they are ♪
如果他们 坠入爱河   ♪ And if he falls in love tonight  ♪
结果已注定   ♪ It can be assumed ♪
开心日子 从此变历史   ♪ His carefree days with us are history ♪
友谊化为泡影   ♪ In short, our pal is doomed ♪
我说吧 这地方很棒   I told you. Isn't it great here?
也许可以永远这样过下去   You know, maybe it could be like this forever.
这里是很好   It's amazing.
可是我有件事想不明白   But there's something I don't understand.
既然你根本就没有死   If you've been alive all this time...
为什么不回家呢   why haven't you come home?
我们真的很需要你   We've really needed you.
没我才好 娜娜   They're fine, all right?
不会有谁需要我   Nobody needs me.
可你是国王   You're the king.
娜娜 刀疤才是国王   Nala, Scar is the king.
辛巴 刀疤毁掉了荣耀王国   Simba, he's decimated the Pride Lands.
我们没有食物 也没有水   There's no food, no water...
我也没有办法   There's nothing I can do.
没想过你妈妈吗   What about your mother?
守护王国是你的责任   This is your responsibility.
你必须去挑战刀疤   You need to challenge Scar.
我永远都不能回去 永远   I can't go back. Ever.
为什么   Why?
因为峡谷里发生的事吗   Because of what happened at the gorge?
刀疤告诉我们…   Scar told us that...
你不会明白的   You wouldn't understand!
那些都不重要 好吗   None of it matters. Okay?
哈库呐 玛塔塔   Hakuna matata.
什么   What?
是我在这儿学到的东西   It's something I learned out here, okay?
很多时候不好的事情发生了   You see, sometimes bad things happen,
而你什么也做不了   and there's nothing you can do about it.
所以 何必担心呢   So, why worry?
何必担心   Why worry?
你到底是怎么了   What happened to you?
你不是我认识的那个辛巴   You're not the Simba I remember.
我回不到从前了 现在你满意了吧   And I never will be. Are you satisfied?
不 我现在很失望   No, I'm disappointed.
我说… 你说话的口气好像我爸爸   You know, now you're starting to sound like my father.
很好 至少我们还有一个像他   Good. I'm glad one of us does.
你根本不知道我经历了什么   You have no idea what I've been through!
我来这儿是想寻找帮助的   I came here looking for help.
看样子我是想错了   I guess I made a mistake.
再见了 辛巴   Goodbye, Simba.
还对我失望   "Disappointed"?
她想让我回家   She wants me to go home?
这儿就是我家   I am home.
什么好朋友   "Best friend"?
我不需要朋友 我谁都不需要   I don't need best friends. I don't need anybody.
从不需要   Never did.
（科萨语）
你走开   Go away.
走开并不能解决问题   Going away will not answer the question.
什么问题 你是谁啊   What question? Who are you?
我很清楚自己是谁   I know exactly who I am.
问题是… 你是谁   The question is, who are you?
我谁也不是 所以…   I'm nobody. So
别烦我了 好吗   leave me alone. All right?
每个人都有身份 即使是无名小卒   Everybody is somebody. Even a nobody.
是啊 我看你是糊涂了   Yeah, I think you're confused.
你说我糊涂了   I am confused?
你连自己是谁都不知道   You don't even know who you are.
那你就知道吗   Oh. And I suppose you do?
我抱过木法沙的儿子   I held the son of Mufasa.
你知道我父亲   You knew my father?
事实是…   Correction.
我认识你父亲   I know your father.
我爸爸已经死去很久了   He died a long time ago.
他还活着   He's alive!
我可以带你去见他   And I can take you to him.
跟我来 我带你去   Follow me. I will show you!
你可要跟上   If you can keep up!
等等   Wait!
（科萨语）
跟我来   Follow me!
快点 快点 到这儿来   Quickly, quickly! Come through!
你慢一点   Hey! Slow down!
你最好快一点   Hey, you better hurry.
等一下 我来了 我来了   Hold on. I'm coming, I'm coming.
来吧   Come.
你父亲在等着你   Your father is waiting.
看到了吗   Do you see him?
我什么也看不到   I don't see anything.
（科萨语）
你仔细看   Look closer.
看到他了吗   You see?
他在你心里   He lives in you.
辛巴   Simba.
爸爸   Dad?
辛巴   Simba.
你必须在生命的循环中找到自己的位置   You must take your place in the circle of life.
我做不到   I can't.
你要记住自己是谁   You must remember who you are.
你是真正的国王   The one true king.
对不起   I'm sorry.
我做不到像您一样   I don't know how to be like you.
作为国王 我最自豪的事   As king, I was most proud of one thing.
就是有你这个儿子   Having you as my son.
那已经过去了   That was a long time ago.
不 辛巴   No, Simba.
我永远自豪   That is forever.
求您了   Please.
别再离开我   Don't leave me again.
我从未离开   I never left you.
也永远不会离开   And never will.
要记住你是谁   Remember who you are.
要记住   Remember.
现在 我再问你一遍   And so, I ask again.
你是谁   Who are you?
我是辛巴   I am Simba.
木法沙的儿子   Son of Mufasa.
生灵   ♪ Yeah Spirit ♪
追寻天空的启示   ♪ Watch the heavens open ♪
生灵   ♪ Spirit ♪
感受它的召唤   ♪ Can you hear it calling? ♪
辛巴   Simba?
快来呀 你还在等什么   Come on! What are you waiting for?
我们回家去   Let's go home!
生灵   ♪ Spirit ♪
追寻天空的启示   ♪ Watch the heavens open ♪
命运悄悄走近   ♪ Your destiny is coming close ♪
勇敢迎战   ♪ Stand up and fight ♪
别害怕去未知远方   ♪ So, go in to a far-off land ♪
成就自己万兽之王   ♪ And be one with the great I am ♪
我之前还不信你说的   I didn't wanna believe you.
那你现在要怎么做   So, what are you gonna do?
爸爸要我保护阳光照耀到的地方   My father once told me to protect everything the light touches.
如果我不去战斗 还有谁   If I don't fight for it, who will?
还有我   I will.
这场战斗会很危险   It's going to be dangerous.
危险   Danger?
危险来了我会放声大笑   I laugh in the face of danger.
不是真的吧   It can't be!
你好 沙祖   Hello, Zazu.
国王陛下   Your Majesty.
欢迎回家   Welcome home.
我们来了 各位别激动 我们来了   We're here! Oh, everyone, calm down. We're here.
后援部队赶到了   The backup has arrived!
你们两个怎么来了   What are you guys doing here?
我们… 不是担心   Um, we were not worried!
对 不担心 因为不用担心   No, not worried. 'Cause no worries.
对 哈库呐 玛塔塔   Nope. Hakuna matata.
只是有一点关心   We were concerned,
因为… 你知道的   Because, you know...
我们是朋友   You're our friend.
那条无情又无意义的线呢   What about the meaningless line of indifference?
这个 我们觉得   Well, we were thinking...
那条线可能拐了一点点弯 问得好   maybe it curves a little bit. That's a good point.
我是说 辛巴   I mean, Simba, look,
彭彭说错了 我有责任指出来   I'm happy to admit when Pumbaa's wrong...
这句话就说错了 什么   and this is one of those instances. What?
这不是我说的 明明是你说的   That wasn't my thing. You told me about the line.
等等 等下   Wait, hold on.
你就是要为这个地方战斗吗   Now, this is the place you're fighting for?
是的 丁满 这里是我家   Yes, Timon. This is my home.
是在那块可怕的石头后面吗   Is it behind that terrifying rock?
你家真得装修一下了   Talk about your fixer-upper.
风格还不错 就是死尸太多了点   I like what you've done with it, although a bit heavy on the carcass.
你看呀 有只鸟   Hey, hey, look. A bird.
丁满 彭彭   Timon, Pumbaa,
这是沙祖   this is Zazu.
是只海鸟   It's a puffin.
真好笑   Charming.
辛巴 我们将陪你战斗到底   Simba, we are with you until the end.
乐意听候您的调遣 大王   We are at your service, my liege!
跟我来   Follow me.
到处都是鬣狗   Hyenas everywhere.
希望能死得痛快点 别被鬣狗嚼太碎了   I hope it's a quick death. You know, just not a lot of chewing.
你有办法绕过那些流口水的家伙吗   What's your plan for getting us past the slobbering guards?
用活的诱饵   Live bait.
这个主意不错   That's a great idea.
他们看到新鲜的肉一定会扑上去   Those guys could never resist fresh meat.
所以 我们只需要找个诱饵 要够大够胖   So all we need to do is find something that's, like, big... and plump,
而且够好吃   and juicy.
牛羚怎么样呢   Maybe like a gnu?
干吗都看着我呢   Why is everyone looking at me?
（法语） 晚上好 美丽的小姐
我们怀着无限的热情   It is with deepest pride
和最大的喜悦   and greatest pleasure...
荣幸地献上…   that we proudly present...
你的晚餐   your dinner.
请… 用…   Be our
餐   guest
计划成功 彭彭   It's working, Pumbaa!
久违了老朋友   My old friend.
你这是何苦呢 莎拉碧   Sarabi, why put yourself through this?
你只要做我的王后就好了   All you have to do is be my queen.
你到底放不下什么   You're suffering for what?
怀念过去的生活   The memory of a life you once knew?
还是放不下你爱过的国王   A king you once loved?
我要让你知道什么才叫真正的国王   I tried to make you understand what a true king can be.
刀疤 国王伟大的力量   Scar, a true king's power
在于他的同情心   is his compassion.
我比那个木法沙强过十倍   I am ten times the king Mufasa was!
你根本就不配与木法沙相比   You are nothing compared to Mufasa!
木法沙   Mufasa?
这不可能   It can't be.
离我妈妈远一点   Get away from my mother.
辛巴   Simba.
你还活着   You're alive?
到底发生了什么   How can that be?
我回来了 妈妈   I'm here, Mother.
我回家了   I'm home.
辛巴 我真高兴看到你   Simba... I'm so happy to see you.
还活着   Alive.
你最好有充分的理由   Give me one good reason
不然我马上把你撕碎   why I shouldn't rip you apart.
我有很多理由   I can give you more than one.
你看…   You see...
他们都认我为王   they think I'm king.
我们不承认   Well, we don't.
你的统治结束了 刀疤   Your reign is over, Scar.
辛巴才是真正的国王   Simba is the rightful king!
如果你想对付他 就得先打败我们   If you wanna get him, you have to get through us.
你们同意吗 狮子们   Are you with me, lions?
你自己选 刀疤   The choice is yours, Scar.
主动退位 还是战斗   Step down or fight.
一定要用武力解决吗   Must this all end in violence?
我可不想成为一个害死亲人的家伙   I'd hate to be responsible for the death of a family member.
去感受那份羞耻   To feel the shame of knowing...
还有害死自己至爱的愧疚   I took the life of someone I love.
我已经放下那包袱了   I put all that behind me.
可问题是…   But have they
大家也放下了吗   put it behind them?
你们都知道他做了什么吗   Do your faithful subjects know what you've done?
他到底在说什么   What is he talking about?
看来你还没说出你的小秘密   So you haven't told them your little secret?
那好吧 辛巴   Well, Simba...
现在是你坦白的机会   now's your chance to confess.
告诉他们 到底是谁害死了木法沙   Tell them who's responsible for Mufasa's death.
是我   It was me.
这不是真的   It's not true.
告诉我这不是真的   Tell me it's not true.
是真的 对不起   It's true. I'm sorry.
他承认了   He admits it.
你是凶手   Murderer!
不 不是 那次是个意外   No, no. It was an accident.
如果不是你 国王现在还活着   If it weren't for you the king would be alive.
他的死都是你的错 你敢否认吗   It's your fault he's dead! Do you deny it?
我不是凶手   I'm not a murderer.
我们要相信杀死父亲的儿子吗   We should believe a son who takes the life of a father?
要相信杀死国王的王子吗   We should believe a son who takes the life of a king?
他还抛弃了自己的母亲   A son who abandons his mother?
不 我… 我是…   No. I'm...
你是什么 说出来 你是国王吗   You're what? Say it! Are you the king?
不 不 我是…   No. No, I'm...
你是国王吗 不 我是…   Are you the king? No, I'm...
你是什么 我是…   You're what? I'm...
说出来   Say it!
什么也不是   I'm nothing.
那就给国王跪下   Then bow to your king!
辛巴   Simba!
这一幕有点眼熟   This looks familiar.
我好像之前在哪里见过   Where have I seen this before?
对了 想起来了   Oh, yes, I remember.
木法沙死之前也是这个样子   This is the way Mufasa looked before he died.
我低下头   I looked down...
看到他眼里满是恐惧   saw the fear in his eyes.
告诉你我的小秘密   And here's my little secret.
是我杀了木法沙   I killed Mufasa.
不   No!
我的父亲   My father!
你的亲兄弟   Your own brother!
你怎么忍心   How could you?
他先是害死了木法沙   First he kills Mufasa...
现在他还想杀了我   and now he wants to kill me!
是你杀了国王   You killed him!
告诉他们真相   Tell them the truth!
别信他 他在撒谎   Don't believe his lies!
刀疤   Scar...
你说当时来不及赶到峡谷救他们   you told us you didn't get to the gorge in time.
确实如此   That's true!
那你怎么能看到木法沙死前的眼神   Then how did you see the look in Mufasa's eyes?
凶手   Murderer!
杀了他们   Kill them all!
狮子们 攻击   Lions, attack!
辛巴   Simba!
彭彭 应该甩掉他们了 刚才吓死我了   Pumbaa, I think we lost them. That was terrifying.
你听到吼声没有   Do you hear a low growl?
看来我们今晚有猪肉大餐了   Looks like we'll be having pig for dinner.
这猪又圆又胖   Plump and chubby.
圆胖   Chubby?
他是不是说我圆胖   Did he just call me chubby?
我好像听到他说我又圆又胖   It sounded a lot like he just said "chubby".
那他可大错特错了   Which would be a mistake
因为我永远都不会为身材自卑   because I will not be made to feel ashamed of who I am!
哦 天呐   Oh, boy.
我确实有点怕鬣狗   I may run from hyenas...
但我对霸凌绝不忍气吞声   but I will always fight a bully!
感觉好点了吗 好点了   You feel better, Pumbaa? I do.
情绪有宣泄出来吗 我有   You got that out of your system? I did.
这顿晚饭我等了大半辈子了   Now, this is a meal I've waited my whole life for.
我也等了很久   I've been waiting too.
我不再是当年的小狮子了   And I'm not a cub anymore!
为国王和王国而战   For king and country!
是那只鸟   It's the bird!
我来抓他 我来抓他   I got him! I got him!
去死吧   Tally-ho!
不好 他抓住我了   Oh! No! He's got me!
抓到我了   He's got me!
抓住那只鸟   Get that bird!
等一下 我们好好谈谈   Please! Let's discuss this.
（科萨语）
这招永远都管用   That never gets old!
结束了 刀疤   It's over, Scar.
饶过我吧 求求你   Have mercy. I beg you.
饶你   Mercy?
你还能求饶恕吗   After what you did?
都是鬣狗的错   It was the hyenas.
那些吃尸体的恶心家伙逼我干的   Those revolting scavengers made me do it.
我本来想把他们全杀了   I was planning on killing them all.
你骗了鬣狗   You fooled the hyenas.
就像当年骗我一样   Just like you fooled me.
辛巴   Simba...
你不会杀死唯一叔叔吧   you wouldn't kill your only uncle.
不 刀疤   No, Scar.
我和你不一样   I'm not like you.
辛巴   Oh, Simba...
你真是善良高尚   you are truly noble.
我会弥补这一切的   And I will make it up to you.
告诉我该怎么证明我自己   Just tell me how I can prove myself.
你想要我做什么都行   Tell me what you want me to do.
跑   Run.
跑得远远的 刀疤   Run away, Scar.
离开这里 再也不要回来   Run away and never return.
好的   Yes.
当然   Of course.
都听你的   As you wish...
国王陛下   Your Majesty.
你赢不了的 刀疤   You can't win, Scar!
这是我的王国   This is my kingdom!
我注定为王   My destiny!
朋友们   My friends.
只要花点时间 我们就能重新夺回王位   It will take some time, but together we will build our army.
谁是你朋友   "Friends", huh?
我记得你说 我们是吃尸体的恶心家伙   I thought you said we were "revolting scavengers"?
对 而且你想杀了我们   Yeah. That you wanted to kill us?
不 不 你们听我解释   No. No, let me explain.
我只是想骗过他   I was trying to fool him.
让我们一起统治王国   We will rule together!
你只说对过一件事 刀疤   There's only one true thing you ever said, Scar.
那就是鬣狗的肚子…   "A hyena's belly...
永远填不满   "is never full."
不   No!
参见国王陛下   Your Majesty.
要记住   Remember.
终会有一天   ♪ Till we find our place ♪
找到你的方向   ♪ On the path unwinding ♪
生命循环   ♪ In the circle ♪
是生生不息   ♪ The circle of life ♪
生生不息   ♪ Circle of life ♪
狮子王


