魔法环游记

很久以前  这个世界遍布奇迹    Long ago, the world was full of wonder.
它充满奇遇    It was adventurous...
惊险刺激    exciting...
最厉害的是    and best of all...
有魔法存在    there was magic.
烟火轰鸣    Boombastia!
魔法帮助了所有需要帮助的人    And that magic helped all in need.
熊熊燃烧    Flame Infernar!
闪电霹雳    Voltar Thundasir!
但掌握它并不容易    But it wasn't easy to master.
所以世人找了种更简单的方法维继生活    And so the world found a simpler way to get by.
我给它命名为灯泡    I call it the light bulb.
太简便了    'Tis so easy.
久而久之    Over time...
魔法淡出了人们的视野    magic faded away.
但我希望    But I hope...
在你们身上还能找到一些    there's a little magic left...
魔法    in you.
好了    All right.
我们将拥有Z90战士的完美身材    We're gonna get Warrior Z90 fit.
让我听见你说  "我是一个勇猛的战士"    Let me hear you say, "I'm a mighty warrior."
我是一个勇猛的战士    I'm a mighty warrior.
早啊  妈    Morning, Mom.
布拉泽  下来    Blazey, down!
不听话的龙  回你的窝去    Bad dragon! Back to your lair.
生日快乐  成年小伙    Happy birthday, Mr. Adult Man.
别这样  妈    No, Mom.
你这小子  别擦我的亲亲    Hey, buddy. Don't wipe off my kisses.
怎么了    What?
你穿了你爸爸的卫衣    You're wearing your dad's sweatshirt.
终于合身了    You know. Finally fits.
我的小娃娃长大成人了    Aw, my little chubby cheeks is all grown up!
好了  好了  妈  我上学前得吃点东西    Okay, okay. Mom, I gotta eat something before school.
家里吃的不多了    We don't have much food.
我还得去一趟杂货店    I still have to go to the grocery store.
手拿开  这位先生    Ah, hands off, mister.
这是给你今晚的派对准备的    Those are for your party tonight.
那不是派对  妈  只有家里人    It's not a party, Mom. It's just us.
你可以邀请科学课的同学    You could invite those kids from your science class.
你说过他们都很酷    You said they seem pretty rockin'.
我肯定不是这么形容的    I'm, uh, pretty sure I didn't say it like that.
再说了  我跟他们根本不熟    And besides, I don't even know them.
生日就该尝试新鲜事物    Well, your birthday's a day to try new things.
做个全新的自己    Be the new you.
说到新鲜事    Speaking of trying new things,
你报名参加驾驶培训了没    did you sign up for driving practice?
没  没    No! No.
我知道你有点害怕开车  宝贝  可是...    I know you're a little scared to drive, sweetie pie, but...
我不害怕  妈  我要把巴利的桌游挪走了    I'm not scared, Mom. I'm gonna move Barley's game.
好吧  可是你知道    Okay, but you know how he gets
有人碰他的桌游时他会怎样的    when someone touches that board.
他总得学着收拾他的玩具吧    Well, he's gotta learn how to clean up his toys.
住手    Halt!
吾弟胆敢坏我义举    Doth my brother dare disrupt an active campaign?
差不多行了    Oh, come on!
伊恩    You know, Ian,
在过去  十六岁的男孩    in the days of old, a boy of 16
要在绝望之沼接受力量的考验    would have his strength tested in the Swamps of Despair.
我什么考验都不想接受  放开我    I'm not testing anything. Just let me go.
放开他    Let him go.
好吧    Okay.
但我知道你刚才没使出全力    But I know you're stronger than that.
你体内深藏着一个勇猛的战士    There's a mighty warrior inside of you.
只需要把他释放出来就好    You just have to let him out.
对吧  妈    Right, Mom?
不错嘛    Oh, that's good.
巴利  你好臭  你多久没洗澡了    Barley! You stink! When was the last time you showered?
你要是再使点劲    If you tried a little harder,
没准还真能把我挣开    you actually could probably wiggle out of this.
看到没  妈妈就知道如何释放出体内的战士    See? Mom knows how to let out her inner warrior.
多谢夸奖    Thank you.
快把垃圾拿出去    Now, take out the trash.
...继续留意一只逃跑的狮鹫    ...stay on the lookout for a runaway griffin.
布朗科警官    Officer Bronco.
巴利  巴利  巴利    Barley, Barley, Barley.
每次只要市里要拆除    Every time the city tries to tear down
一块旧瓦砾    an old piece of rubble,
我就得马不停蹄地来这找你麻烦    I gotta drag my rear end out here and deal with you.
我不知道你在说什么    I don't know what you're talking about.
真的吗    Really?
我是不会让你们拆毁这个水池的    I will not let you tear down this fountain.
踏上大远征的古代战士    Ancient warriors on grand quests
都饮用过这里的活水    drank from its flowing water.
巴利    Barley.
他们在毁灭这座城市的过去    They're destroying the town's past.
进来吧    Well, come on in.
休息下腰腿    Rest your haunches for a minute.
谢谢你  亲爱的    Thank you, hon.
你好啊  小寿星    Hey there, birthday boy.
你在干活还是在偷懒    So, ya workin' hard or hardly workin'?
我只是在烤吐司    I'm just, you know, making toast.
说真的  巴利    I'm serious, Barley,
你应该少想着过去    you need to start thinking less about the past
多放眼未来    and more about your future.
她说得对    She's right.
你不能成天只玩桌游    You can't spend all day playing your board game.
《昔日远征》才不只是个桌游    Quests of Yore isn't just a board game.
它是一个基于历史的角色扮演剧本    It's a historically based role playing scenario.
你知道  在古代    Did you know, in the old days,
半人马可一小时可以跑一百一十二千米吗    centaurs could run 70 miles an hour?
我有车  不用跑    I own a vehicle. Don't need to run.
伊恩  你一定可以从《昔日远征》学到很多    Well, Ian, you could definitely learn a lot from Quests of Yore.
想玩吗   不想    You wanna play?   I don't.
你可以当狡猾的盗贼  或者...    You could be a crafty rogue or...
我知道了  你可以当巫师    I know! You can be a wizard.
我要对汝施放咒语    I shall cast a spell on thee!
小心爸的卫衣    Careful of Dad's sweatshirt!
我都不记得爸穿过这件卫衣    I don't even remember Dad wearing that sweatshirt.
你大概只记得他两件事    Well, you do only have, like, two memories of him.
不  我记得三件    No, I've got three.
我记得他的胡子很扎人    I remember his beard was scratchy,
他的笑声傻傻的  还有我以前常    he had a goofy laugh, and I used to play
把他的脚当鼓敲   把他的脚当鼓敲  没错    drums on his feet.   Drums on his feet. Right.
我以前经常...    I used to go...
五秒内还能吃    Five second rule.
没事  扯掉就行    It's okay. You just got to pull it.
不要    No!
巴利    Barley!
我上学路上买点吃的就行    I'm just gonna get some food on the way to school.
我晚上帮你缝好  好吗    I'll sew that later tonight, okay?
等等    Wait, wait, wait.
遵照古代的法律  我今天要授汝男人称号    By the laws of yore, I must dub thee a man today.
向我跪拜    Kneel before me.
不了吧  我得走了    That's okay. I gotta get going.
好吧  我晚点去接你    All right, well, I'll pick you up later.
我们在学校进行授予仪式    We'll perform the ceremony at school.
别别别    No, no, no, no.
千万别  千万别  好了  再见    Don't do that. Don't do that. Okay, bye!
加油狮鹫    Go Griffins!
什么    What?
你念的是恵柳第大学吗    You go to Willowdale College?
不  这是我爸爸的    Oh, no. This was my dad's.
莱特福  威尔顿·莱特福    Lightfoot? Wilden Lightfoot?
对    Yeah.
开玩笑吧  我和他是大学同学    You're kidding. I went to college with him.
真的   没错    Really?   Yeah.
天啊  他过世的消息真是太让人难过了    Boy, I was so sorry to hear that he passed away.
是啊  谢谢你    Yeah. Thanks.
你爸爸是个特别好的人  非常自信    You know, your dad was a great guy. So confident.
他一进房间就立刻会引起人们的注意    When he came into a room, people noticed.
他每天都穿着丑得要命的紫袜子    The man wore the ugliest purple socks every single day.
什么  为什么    What? Why?
我们当年就是这么问他的    Hey, that's exactly what we asked.
但他就是这么大胆    But he was just bold.
我一直希望自己能像他一点    I always wished I had a little bit of that in me.
嗯  我之前从没听过他这些事    Yeah. Wow. I've never heard any of this about him before.
你还记得什么   爸    What else do you remember?   Dad!
抱歉  我得送这孩子去上学了    Oh, sorry. Gotta get this guy off to school.
很高兴认识你    Hey, it was nice meeting you.
我也是    Yeah. You, too.
大胆    Bold.
好了  同学们  坐下  开始点名    Okay, class. Sit down. We're starting roll.
你好  戈尔加蒙    Hey, uh, Gorgamon.
你今天能不能不把脚放在我椅子上    Would you mind not putting your feet on my chair today?
抱歉  伙计    Sorry, dude.
我得把脚抬着    Got to keep them elevated.
让血液流往大脑    Gets the blood flowing to my brain.
这样我就不好坐下了    It just makes it a little hard for me to fit in there.
如果血液流得不畅通    Well, if I don't have good blood flow,
我就无法专心学习了    I can't concentrate on my schoolwork.
你也不想让我荒废学业吧    You don't want me to do bad in school, do you?
对    No.
谢了  兄弟    Thanks, bro.
路考第一关    First road test.
有自告奋勇的吗    Any volunteers?
左拐    A left here.
从这个匝道上高速公路    Now, take this on ramp for the freeway.
好  我完全准备好了    Okay, yeah. I'm, uh, super ready for that.
开得又稳又快    It's nice and fast.
并入车流    Just merge into traffic.
好  马上就开进去    Yep. Just any minute.
并入车流    Merge into traffic.
并入车流    Merge into traffic!
我没准备好    I'm not ready!
靠边停车    Pull over.
好了  这周末我们做些什么    All right. So, what should we do this weekend?
去一个凉快点的镇子    Move to a cooler town?
伙计们  大家好...    What up, dudes? Um...
我今晚要开个派对    I'm, uh, having a party tonight,
不知道你们愿不愿意过来    and I was wondering if you wanted to come over
吃点蛋糕    and get down on some cake.
一般人不会这么说    That's not something anyone says.
好吧  别说"伙计们"  "哥们"怎么样    Okay, don't say "dudes." "Gang"?
你们好吗  哥们    What's up, gang?
你们好吗  哥们    What's up, gang?
你们好吗  哥们    What's up, gang?
伊恩吗    Ian, right?
没想到你知道我的...    I didn't know you knew my...
反正    Anyway...
如果你们喜欢派对  那我    If you like parties, then I'm...
我准备办一个派对    I was gonna do a party...
什么   我要说的是    What?   What I was trying to say is
如果你们今晚没什么安排    if you're not doing anything tonight...
不过相信你们可能早就安排好了    but I'm sure you probably are doing something tonight...
如果你们跟我一样喜欢蛋糕喜欢蛋糕    and you like cake like I like cake,
我家里有一个蛋糕    I've got a cake at my house.
你是想邀请我们去派对吗    Are you inviting us to a party?
就这意思    That's the one.
好啊  我们没什么安排    Yeah, we don't have any plans.
对啊  去吧   完全可以    Yeah, okay.   Totally.
真的吗    Really?
那我们可以坐巴士去我家    I guess we can just take the bus over to my house.
不  不  不    Oh, no, no, no.
这不是小寿星吗    Is that the birthday boy I see?
瞧呀  你的战车正在恭迎大驾    Behold! Your chariot awaits!
你认识那家伙吗    Do you know that guy?
莱特福的伊恩多尔爵士    Sir Iandore of Lightfoot.
感觉他是在跟你说话    Seems like he's talking to you.
伊恩    Hey, Ian!
巴利    Hey, Barley.
我们其实正准备去坐巴士    Yeah, we were actually gonna take the bus.
巴士  那可不行    The bus? Nay!
我会让吉娜薇    I will give you and your companions
载你和你的同伴们一程    transport upon Guinevere.
吉娜薇是谁    Um, who's Guinevere?
我伟大的战马    My mighty steed.
尴尬了    That's embarrassing.
没事的  姑娘  我来把你修好    That's okay, girl. Patch you back up.
他就是在开玩笑    He's just joking around.
你脸上有点东西    You've got something on your face.
不是  你...  等下  不...  是...  不    Oh, no. You... just... Wait, no. It's... No...
话说回来  我刚想起来    You know what? I just remembered
我的生日取消了    that my birthday is, uh, canceled.
什么   我是说派对    What?   I mean, the party.
其实根本没准备办派对    It was never actually happening.
就是个巨大的误会    It was just this huge misunderstanding.
我得走了    So, I got to go.
好了  再见    Okay. Bye!
抱歉  我来收拾一下    Sorry. Let me just file those.
那些孩子在你脸上写字了    Did those kids write on your face?
过来  我帮你擦    Here. I'll get it.
我们能不能赶快回家    Can we please just go home?
好吧  我们晚点举行你的生日仪式    Okay, well, we'll perform your birthday ceremony later.
然后你就会准备好长大成人    Then you'll be ready for adulthood
面对各种严峻的挑战了    and its gauntlet of challenges.
知道吗  在上古时期    You know, in ancient times,
庆祝生日要完成一项庄严的任务    you celebrated your day of birth with a solemn quest.
当然  跟古时候的挑战比起来    Of course, those were nothing compared to the challenges
算不上什么    of the old days.
妈妈    Mom?
妈妈    Mom?
威尔  那东西你修不好了    Will, you're not gonna get that thing working.
我觉得没问题    I think I've got it.
我就站在这里看看它什么时候炸    I'm gonna watch from over here for when it blows up.
喂  听得见吗    Hello? Hello?
我跟你打赌那东西不能用    I'll bet good money you can't get it to work.
是吗    Oh, is that right?
没错    Yep.
不过你倒是很擅长    But you're doing a good job of
装作知道自己在做什么    making it look like you know what you're doing.
我在努力    Well, I'm trying to.
你看过有没有电池了吗    Did you check if it had batteries?
你肯定没看   我知道    Of course you didn't.   I know.
所以它能用吗    So, is it really working?
试试看吧    Let's find out.
好了  再见    Okay. Bye.
威尔  那东西你修不好了    Will, you're not going to get that thing working.
我觉得没问题    I think I've got it.
我就站在这里看看它什么时候炸    I'm gonna watch from over here for when it blows up.
你好  爸爸    Hi, Dad.
喂  听得见吗    Hello? Hello?
是我  伊恩    It's me, Ian.
是吗    Oh, is that right?
没错  你今天过得怎么样    Yeah. Did you have a good day?
我在努力    Well, I'm trying to.
是吧  我也是    Yeah. Me, too.
不过我明显需要帮助    Although, I could clearly use some help.
我很希望什么时候能跟你待一会    I sure do wish I could spend the day with you sometime.
我知道    I know.
有那么多我们能做的事    Well, there are so many things we could do.
我觉得一定会很有意思    I bet it'd be really fun.
试试看吧    Let's find out.
好啊  我很愿意  我们可以    Yeah. I mean, I'd love to. We could, uh...
好了  再见    Okay. Bye.
好吧    Yeah.
再见    Bye.
天啊    Oh, my...
巴利  让你的士兵离开我的国土    Barley, keep your soldiers off my land
不然我们两国就要开战了    or our kingdoms will go to war!
抱歉  妈妈    Sorry, Mom!
这真是世上最长的休学年    Oh, this is the world's longest gap year.
亲爱的  我准备来补的    Honey, I was gonna do that.
没事的    It's okay.
你肯定是哪个缝纫大师教出来的    You must have been taught by some kind of sewing master.
没错  一个非常谦虚的缝纫大师    Yeah. A very humble sewing master.
爸爸在我这个年纪是什么样的    What was Dad like when he was my age?
他一直很有自信吗    Was he always super confident?
才不是    Oh, no.
他花了一段时间才认清自己    It took him a while to find out who he was.
真希望能见见他    I wish I'd met him.
我也是    Oh, me, too.
但是  你爸爸生病后    But, hey, you know, when your dad got sick,
他很努力地与病魔做抗争    he fought so hard
因为比起其他一切  他最想见到你    because he wanted to meet you more than anything.
你知道吗  我有东西给你    You know what? I have something for you.
我本来打算吃完蛋糕再给你    I was gonna wait until after cake,
但是我觉得你也等了够久了    but I think you've waited long enough.
是什么    What is it?
是你爸爸给你准备的礼物    It's a gift from your dad.
什么意思  是爸爸准备的    What do you mean, it's from Dad?
我不知道  妈妈说是给我们两个人的    I don't know. Mom said it was for both of us.
是什么    What is it?
他只说等你们都满十六岁了再给你们    He just said to give you this when you were both over 16.
我也不知道是什么    I have no idea what it is.
不会吧    No way!
这是根魔杖    It's a wizard staff.
爸爸是个巫师   什么    Dad was a wizard.   What?
等下  你爸爸是个会计    Hold on, your dad was an accountant.
他生病后是对很多稀奇古怪的东西    I mean, he got interested in a lot of strange things
感兴趣  但是    when he got sick, but...
有封信    There's a letter.
"亲爱的伊恩和巴利    "Dear Ian and Barley,
很久以前  这个世界遍布奇迹    "long ago, the world was full of wonder.
充满着奇遇  惊险刺激    "It was adventurous, exciting,
最厉害的是  有魔法存在    "and best of all, there was magic.
魔法帮助了所有需要帮助的人    "And that magic helped all in need.
但掌握它并不容易    "But it wasn't easy to master.
所以世人找了种更简单的方法维继生活    "And so the world found a simpler way to get by.
久而久之  魔法淡出了人们的视野    "Over time, magic faded away,
但我希望你们身上还留有一点魔法    "but I hope there's a little magic left in you.
所以我写下了这则咒语  好让我看看    "And so I wrote this spell, so I could see for myself
我的儿子们会成为什么样的人"    "who my boys grew up to be."
"显现咒"    "Visitation Spell."
难以置信    I don't believe this.
这个咒语可以把他召唤回来    This spell brings him back.
回来一整天  爸爸要回来了    For one whole day, Dad will be back.
什么   回来  是说起死回生吗    What?   Back? Like back to life?
那不可能    That's not possible.
用这个就有可能了    It is with this!
我要见到爸爸了吗    I'm gonna meet Dad?
威尔  你这神奇的疯子  这是什么    Oh, Will, you wonderful nut. What is this?
这么强大的咒语需要一种辅助元素    Now, a spell this powerful needs an assist element.
要让这咒语成功  爸爸就得    And, I mean, for this to work, Dad would've had to
找到一块凤凰宝石    find a Phoenix Gem!
如今这种宝石已经非常罕见了    There's only a few of these left.
等下  这事危险吗    Hold on! Is this dangerous?
马上见分晓    We're about to find out.
什么    What?
木刺    Splinter.
"仅此一次  请赐予我重生    "Only once is all we get, grant me this rebirth.
明日日落前  行于世一日"    "Till tomorrow's sun has set, one day to walk the earth."
等下  我刚才握的方法不对    Hold on. I was just grippin' it wrong.
"仅此一次  请赐予我重生    "Only once is all we get, grant me this rebirth.
明日日落前  行于世一日"    "Till tomorrow's sun has set, one day to walk the earth."
"仅此一次    "Only once is all we get,
请赐予我重生    "grant me this rebirth.
明日日落前  行于世一日"    "Till tomorrow's sun has set, one day to walk the earth."
"行于世一日"    "One day to walk the earth."
"明日日落前  行于世一日"    "Till tomorrow's sun has set, one day to walk the earth."
巴利    Barley.
很抱歉  爸爸没能出现    I'm sorry you guys don't have your dad here,
但这表明了他有多想见到你们    but this shows just how much he wanted to see you both.
心切到什么都愿意尝试    So much that he'd try anything.
这仍然是一份相当特别的礼物    That's still a pretty special gift.
是啊    Yeah.
想跟我来拿你的蛋糕吗    Hey, wanna come with me to pick up your cake?
我没事的  谢谢  妈妈    That's okay. Thanks, Mom.
"仅此一次  请赐予我重生    "Only once is all we get, grant me this rebirth.
明日日落前    "Till tomorrow's sun has set...
行于世一日"    "one day to walk the earth."
老弟  你在干什么    Hey, man, what are you doing in here?
我勒个去  你是怎么    Holy Tooth of Zadar! How did you...?
我不知道  就这么开始了    I don't know. It just started.
脚    Feet!
等下  我来帮你    Hang on. I can help!
巴利  不要    Barley, no!
爸爸    Dad?
只有腿    He's just legs.
没有上半身    There's no top part.
我记得爸爸绝对有上半身的    I definitely remember Dad having a top part!
我干了什么  这也太可怕了    Oh, what did I do? This is horrible.
你好    Hello?
真的是他    It's really him.
爸爸  你在自己家里    Dad, you are in your house.
他听不见我们说话    He can't hear us.
你在做什么    What are you doing?
没错  爸爸  是我  巴利    That's right, Dad. It's me, Barley.
对  那是伊恩    Yeah, that's Ian.
爸爸    Hi, Dad.
我把事情搞砸了    I messed this whole thing up.
他永远都只有两条腿了    Now he's gonna be legs forever.
不是永远  咒语只能持续一天    No, not forever. The spell only lasts one day.
明天日落时分  他就会消失    At sunset tomorrow, he'll disappear,
之后我们就再也不能把他召唤回来了    and we'll never be able to bring him back again.
好吧  好吧  二十四小时    Okay, okay, okay. 24 hours.
时间并不多  但是...    That doesn't give us much time, but...
我们必须再施一次咒语    Well, we'll just have to do the spell again.
不是我们是你    You mean you have to.
有天赋的人才能施展魔法    A person can only do magic if they have the gift.
我弟弟有魔法天赋   好好    And my little brother has the magic gift.   Okay! Okay.
但我连咒语都念不完    But I couldn't even finish the spell.
你会有很多时间练习的    Well, you're gonna have plenty of time to practice.
因为我们必须再找到一颗凤凰宝石    'Cause we have to find another Phoenix Gem.
就从所有任务的起始开始吧    We'll start at the place where all quests begin.
蝎尾飞狮酒馆    The Manticore's Tavern.
一位无畏的冒险家开的酒馆    It's run by a fearless adventurer.
她知道所有宝石    She knows where to find any kind of gem,
护身符  图腾的所在地    talisman, totem...
巴利  这是游戏    Barley, this is for a game.
源于真实生活的游戏    Based on real life.
我们怎么知道这家酒馆还存在呢   还在    How do we know this tavern is still there?   It's there.
我多年来的训练已经为这一刻    Look, my years of training have prepared me
做好了准备    for this very moment.
告诉你    And I'm telling you,
这是找到凤凰宝石的唯一方法    this is the only way to find a Phoenix Gem.
相信我    Trust me.
无论如何  我都要见到爸爸    Whatever it takes, I am gonna meet my dad.
你听到了吗  爸爸  我们要去冒险了    You hear that, Dad? We're going on a quest.
拜托了  吉娜薇    Come on, Guinevere.
要不还是做巴士吧    Maybe we should just take the bus.
她没问题的    She's fine.
总之  就像这个数学奖一样    Anyway, it's just, like, this award for math.
没什么了不起的    It's no big deal.
但是等我们回到家  我拿给你看    But I'll show you when we get back home.
你们俩话痨在后面干什么呢    Hey, what are you two chatty Charlies up to back there?
和没有上半身的爸爸说话    You know, I felt weird talking to Dad
感觉很奇怪    without a top half, so...
这才对嘛    ta da!
这样很好    That's great!
爸  你和我记忆中的一模一样    Dad, you look just like I remember.
别担心    Hey, don't worry,
我们很快就会把你的上半身弄回来的    we'll have the rest of you here before you know it.
然后  我要做的第一件事    And then, first thing I'm gonna do,
就是把你介绍给吉娜薇    introduce you to Guinevere.
这个老妹儿是我自己重新组装的    Rebuilt this old girl myself,
从螺母到空调系统    from the lug nuts to the air conditioning.
给爸爸看你的货车    Showing Dad your van?
你的清单上只有这个吗   什么清单    That's your whole list?   What list?
那是什么    What's that?
我要列一张清单    I'm just working on a list of things
列出所有我想跟爸爸一起做的事    I wanted to do with Dad.
你知道的    You know,
玩接球  散步  陪我学车    play catch, take a walk, driving lesson,
和他说说我所有的人生经历    share my whole life story with him.
很不错    That's cool.
但是在你再施一次咒语之前    But before you cast Dad's spell again,
你必须要练习一下你的魔法    you're gonna have to practice your magic.
这本书是游戏里的    This book is for a game.
我和你说过  《昔日远征》里的一切    I told you, everything in Quests of Yore
在历史上都有记载    is historically accurate.
包括咒语    Even the spells.
所以开始练习吧  年轻的巫师    So start practicing, young sorcerer.
好吧  爸爸  我们来施施魔法吧    Okay, Dad. Let's try some magic.
亲爱的    Hey, sweetie?
布拉泽  这条龙总是绊我    Blazey. This dragon is always under my feet.
亲爱的  要来点蛋糕吗    Honey, you want some cake?
悬浮升空  悬浮升空    Aloft Elevar. Aloft Elevar.
我没法让这个悬浮咒生效    I can't get this levitation spell to work.
也许我可以试试其他的咒语    Maybe I could try something else
比如闪电奥术    like Arcane Lightning?
说的好像一级的法师    Yeah, like a level one mage could bust out
就能施展《魔法师指南书》里最难的咒语似的    the hardest spell in the Enchanter's Guide Book.
还是先练容易的吧    Maybe we'll stick with the easy ones.
我念了  但没效果  难道我念错了吗    Yeah, well, it's not working. Am I saying it wrong?
你没念错    Well, you said it right.
只是要让任何咒语生效    It's just, for any spell to work,
念时必须释放内心的火焰    you have to speak from your heart's fire.
什么   内心的火焰    My what?   Your heart's fire.
你必须充满激情  别迟疑    You must speak with passion. Don't hold back.
悬浮升空    Aloft Elevar!
不  要像这样    No, like Aloft Elevar.
悬浮升空    Aloft Elevar!
不  释放内心的火焰    No, from your heart's fire!
悬浮升空   毫不犹疑    Aloft Elevar!   Don't hold back.
悬浮升空    Aloft Elevar!
内心   别再说"内心的火焰"了    Heart's fire!   Stop saying "heart's fire."
根本没用    This just clearly isn't working.
这是个很好的开始    Hey, it was a good start.
鼓足勇气  我们到了    Gather your courage, men. We've arrived.
蝎尾飞狮酒馆    The Manticore's Tavern.
真的还在这里    It is still here.
我就说吧    Yeah, I told you.
来吧  爸爸  很好    Come on, Dad. That's good.
听好了  第一  让我来和他们说    All right, listen. First, let me do the talking.
第二    Secondly,
我们要给蝎尾飞狮应有的尊重是很重要的    it's crucial we show the Manticore the respect she deserves,
否则就会有第三条    or she will, thirdly,
她不把凤凰宝石的地图交给我们    not give us a map to the Phoenix Gem.
等一下  地图    Wait, wait, wait. The map?
我以为凤凰宝石在她手上    I thought she had a Phoenix Gem.
你太可爱了  听到了吗  爸爸    You're so cute. Hear that, Dad?
他是个聪明孩子    He's a smart kid,
只是不知道怎么做任务    he just doesn't know how quests work.
你还有什么忘记告诉我了吗    Well, is there anything else you're forgetting to tell me?
没了    No.
♪ 生日生日快乐 ♪    ♪ Happy happy birthday ♪
♪ 一起去冒险 ♪    ♪ Come join us on a quest ♪
♪ 让生日派对  快乐又特别 ♪    ♪ To make your birthday party the very, very best ♪
好吧  这么多年来酒馆是发生了一点变化    Okay, okay, so the tavern changed a little over the years,
但蝎尾飞狮酒馆依然货真价实    but the Manticore is still the real deal.
我来一份例汤    I'll have the soup of the day.
大人是要一杯还是一锅    Would my lord like a cup or cauldron?
女士  求见蝎尾飞狮    Madam, I request an audience with the Manticore.
没问题  阁下    But of course, milord.
蝎尾飞狮    Manticore!
不不不不  真正的蝎尾飞狮    No. No, no, no. The real Manticore.
那位无畏的冒险家    The fearless adventurer.
你是说科里吗  她在那边    You mean Corey? She's over there.
快点  谁来帮帮我    Quick! Somebody help me.
这些格里芬鸡块几分钟前就该端上桌了    These griffin nuggets were supposed to go out minutes ago.
那就是蝎尾飞狮吗    That's the Manticore?
伟大又强大的蝎尾飞狮    Great and powerful Manticore.
先生  这里是厨房禁区    Whoa! Sir, you're right in the hot zone.
你迟到了  阿道弗斯    You're late, Adolphus.
我知道路上堵车  但你要算好时间    I understand there's traffic. You need to plan for that.
或许你母亲该买辆自己的车    Well, maybe your mother should get her own car!
无畏冒险家    Your fearlessness?
我和我弟弟在找寻凤凰宝石的地图    My brother and I seek a map to a Phoenix Gem.
那你们来对酒馆了  送去十二号桌    Well, you've come to the right tavern. Table 12.
我这正好有你想要的羊皮纸  稍等    I have the parchment you desire right here. Behold!
这是儿童餐单    That's a children's menu.
不是很有趣吗  都是以我的旧地图为蓝本    Isn't that fun? They're all based on my old maps.
那    Now...
伟大的蝎尾飞狮    The great Manticore sends you
带着英雄的祝福  送你们去冒险    on your adventure with a hero's blessing.
这里有英雄蜡笔    And here's some crayons.
很好笑  大人    That's very amusing, your dominance,
不过你是不是有真正的地图    but might you have the real map?
有  在那边    Yeah. It's... over there.
就是这个    That's it.
太好了   等等  等等    This is perfect.   Whoa, whoa, whoa!
你要做什么  这个不能拿走    What are you doing? You can't take this.
我们必须拿走    We have to.
那是什么    What is that?
这是我们的爸爸  我们有机会见到他    It's our dad. And we have a chance to meet him, but...
但是没有凤凰宝石  我们就见不到了    But we can't do that without a Phoenix Gem.
不行  我已经不再送别人踏上危险的任务之旅了    No! My days of sending people on dangerous quests are over.
什么  为什么    What? Why?
因为那很危险    'Cause they're dangerous.
科里  卡拉OK机又坏了    Corey, the karaoke machine's broken again.
对不起  但是你不能把地图拿走    I'm sorry, but you are not getting this map.
别担心  女士们    Don't worry, ladies,
你们的冒险马上就会继续进行    your adventure will continue momentarily.
没事  我可以搞定    Okay, I can handle this.
不  伊恩    No, Ian.
伟大的蝎尾飞狮小姐  女士    Miss mighty Manticore, ma'am...
你要做什么    What are you doing?
孩子  现在不方便    Kid, this is not a good time.
我要给这里一星差评    I'm giving this place a one star review.
我从来没见过我爸    It's just, I've never met my dad and...
我很遗憾    Look, I'm sorry about that.
但如果你在我的任务中受伤了    But if you get hurt on one of my quests,
猜猜谁会被起诉  然后失去她的酒馆呢    guess who gets sued and loses her tavern?
我不能冒这个险    I can't take that kind of risk.
抱歉失陪了  我有重要事情要做    Now, if you'll just excuse me, I have important things to do.
测试    Testing.
♪ 你萦绕在我梦中 ♪    ♪ You haunt my dreams ♪
♪ 非此非彼 ♪    ♪ My inbetweens ♪
求求你  我们需要那份地图    Please, we need that map.
不  我不能把地图给你们    No, I am not giving you the map.
够了  我不想再说了    That's it! I am done talking.
我要说   别别别    Well, I'm not!   Whoa, whoa, whoa!
你说你不能冒险失去这里    You say you can't risk losing this place.
看看那位蝎尾飞狮    Look at that Manticore.
她看起来像是为了冒险而活    She looks like she lived to take risks.
那位蝎尾飞狮不必找寻投资者    That Manticore didn't have investors to look out for.
她不必支付薪水    She didn't have payroll to cover.
她随时可以直接飞出大门    She could just fly out the door whenever she wanted
杀死岩浆怪兽    and slay a magma beast.
你到底修不修卡拉OK机    Are you gonna fix the machine or not?
马上来修    Yeah, in a minute.
好吧  也许这个地方    Okay, maybe this place isn't
不像过去那样惊险刺激了    as adventurous as it used to be.
不再挤满愿意冒着生命危险    So it isn't filled with a motley horde
一尝刺激滋味的    willing to risk life and limb
各路人马    for the mere taste of excitement.
但那又怎么样    But so what?
谁说生活中一定要冒险    Who ever said you have to take risks in life
才能经历奇遇    to have an adventure?
很明显  你说过    Apparently, you did.
三十二桌说他们的马苏里拉芝士条是冷的    Table 32 said their mozzarella sticks are cold.
我都干了什么    What have I done?
现在为时未晚    Well, it's not too late.
你可以把地图给我们    I mean, you could just give us the map.
这个地方曾经很危险    This place used to be dangerous.
危险    Dangerous!
且狂暴   狂暴    And wild!   Wild!
我曾经也很危险而狂暴    I used to be dangerous and wild!
危险而狂暴    Dangerous and wild!
我生活在谎言里  我都成了什么样了    I'm living a lie! What have I become?
不会吧    Oh, no.
所有人都滚出去    Everybody out!
这家酒馆要停业整修了    This tavern is closed for remodeling.
对不起  卡拉OK点唱机坏掉了    Sorry, the karaoke machine is broken!
不  不不不    No! No, no, no!
不    No.
我们快走    We gotta go!
悬浮升空    Aloft Elevar!
太难以置信了    That was unbelievable.
你就这样...    I mean, you were just like...
那根木头就悬浮在那里了    and the beam was just floating there!
我弟弟是个巫师    My brother is a wizard.
不敢相信居然成功了    I can't believe that worked.
现在爸爸的咒语对你来说是小菜一碟了    Oh! You're gonna nail Dad's spell now.
可是我们没有地图    Except we don't have a map.
但我们有这个  你看    But we've got this. Behold!
做任务时  只能有什么就用什么    Look, on a quest, you have to use what you've got.
这个就是我们现有的    And this is what we've got.
最棒的是  小凯拉已经把字谜解出来了    Best part is, little Kayla already solved the puzzle.
好吧  按凯拉说的    Well, according to Kayla,
我们只需要去乌鸦角    we just have to look for Raven's Point.
乌鸦角  乌鸦角    Raven's Point. Raven's Point.
很好  宝石应该就在山里    Yes! The gem must be in the mountain.
我们明天早上应该能到那里    We could be there by tomorrow morning.
明天早上    Tomorrow morning?
之后我们还有足够的时间与爸爸在一起    That still gives us plenty of time with Dad.
好吧  看上去    Yeah. Well, it looks like
我们走高速公路就能到那里了    the expressway should take us right there.
高速公路有点太明显了    Mmm. Expressway is a little too obvious.
做任务时  一览无余的道路从来都不是正确的选择    On a quest, the clear path is never the right one.
什么   在一次《昔日远征》的活动中    What?   During one Quests of Yore campaign,
我和灌木玫瑰锤选了一条好走的路    Shrub Rosehammer and I took the easy route,
结果他直接进了胶质怪的肚子    led him straight into the belly of a gelatinous cube.
我幸免于难的唯一原因就是    Only reason I didn't suffer the same fate?
听从了直觉    I followed my gut.
直觉告诉我  应该走一条叫做危险小径的    And it's telling me we take an ancient trail
古老的小道    called the Path of Peril.
可是高速公路更快    But the expressway is faster.
长远来看不一定    Maybe not in the long run.
我知道你希望这次旅程    I know you want this to be
跟你那些冒险游戏一样    like one of your adventure games,
但唯一重要的是    but all that matters
尽可能多地争取与爸爸    is that we get to spend as much time
在一起的时间    as possible with Dad.
所以我们应该走高速公路  对吗    So, we should just take the expressway, right?
对  你说得对    Yeah, you're right.
但如果最后被胶质怪吃了    But if you end up inside a gelatinous cube,
那我就不管你了    you are on your own.
蝎尾飞狮酒馆    Manticore's Tavern
在您的前方道路右侧    ahead on your right.
喂   我就问问情况    Hey.   I'm just checking in.
你追上那两个小子了吗    Did you catch up to the boys yet?
还没有    No, not yet.
但我有点担心    But I'm a little worried
因为出现了一个奇怪的家庭问题    because we had a weird family issue come up,
而且离家出走不像是伊恩会干的事情    and, well, this just isn't like Ian to run off.
巴利有可能  但是伊恩不会    I mean, Barley, yes, but not Ian.
现在很晚了    You know, it's late,
你不该到外面去找他们    you shouldn't have to be out looking for 'em.
我知道  这很傻    I know, it's silly.
我想他俩可能是一时兴起[起火]    I'm sure they're both probably on fire.
起火吗   起火  这地方起火了    Fire?   Fire! The place is on fire!
我的孩子  我得挂了   劳蕾尔    My boys! I gotta go!   Laurel!
放开我  放开我  放开我    Get it off, get it off, get it off!
不好意思  你好    Excuse me. Hello?
拜托了  我在找两位精灵少年    Please, I'm looking for two teenage elves.
我已经告诉过你了  有两位精灵少年    I told you already, there were two teenage elves.
他们是我儿子  他们去哪儿了    Those are my sons. Where did they go?
他们做做一个寻找凤凰宝石的任务    They went on a quest to find a Phoenix Gem.
不过不用担心  不用担心    But don't worry, don't worry.
我告诉了他们地图的事  告诉了他们宝石的事    I told them about the map, I told them about the gem,
还告诉了他们诅咒的事    I told them about the curse.
我忘记告诉他们诅咒的事了    I forgot to tell them about the curse.
什么   天呐    The what?   Oh, boy.
这家伙有点...    Listen, this one's gone a little...
你儿子命悬一线  但我可以帮忙    Your boys are in grave danger! But I can help!
你哪也别想去  我们有问题要问你    You're not going anywhere. We got questions for you.
我知道他们去哪儿了  现在救他们还来得及    I know where they're going! We can still save them!
好了  没事了    Okay, I think everything's good here.
姓"蝎尾"  名"飞狮"    Last name "Manticore", first name "The".
等等  你说得对  她是有点...    Hold on, you're right. She has gone a little...
也难怪  她伤势这么重    It's no wonder with a wound like that.
只是划伤    That's just a scratch.
抱歉  你很了解细尾飞狮吗    I'm sorry, are you an expert on minotaurs?
蝎尾飞狮   蝎尾飞狮    Manticores.   Manticores?
不了解    Well, no...
那你就不会知道    Well, then you wouldn't know
当他们的血液暴露在空气中时    that when their blood is exposed to air,
他们就会发疯    it makes them go bonkers.
我觉得这不是真的    I don't think that's true.
瞧见没  她已经分不清现实了    See? She's already losing her grip on reality.
所以  在她取你性命之前    So, why don't you let me save her life
不如让我先救她一命    before it costs you yours?
行吧   谢谢    Okay.   Thank you.
能给我们一点私人空间吗  拜托了    Could we have a little privacy here, please?
往后躺  很好    Just lie back. That's good.
不过要把头抬高一点    But get your head a little bit higher.
别搞太久  好吗    Just don't take too long back there, okay?
你们听见了吗    You hear me?
我说了别搞太久    I said don't take too long back there,
因为...    because...
好了  怎么救我儿子    All right, how do we help my boys?
我肯定会喜欢你的    I'm gonna like you.
收音机  车灯  刹车    Radio, headlights, brakes,
轮胎  轮辋    tires, rims.
爸爸  现在说不清    I mean, it's hard to tell now, Dad,
在我替换零件之前    before I replaced her parts,
吉娜薇其实只是一堆废铜烂铁    Guinevere was actually kind of a piece of junk.
看来我们今天干不了这么多事了  爸爸    Looks like we're not gonna get to do everything today, Dad.
没关系    That's okay.
我只是想见到你    I just wanna meet you.
不过不用担心  我们会把你修好    But don't worry, we'll, uh, have you fixed up
然后回家见...    and back home to see...
天呐  妈妈    Oh, man. Mom!
巴利  我们赶不及    Barley, we're not gonna be able
带爸爸回家见妈妈了    to get Dad back in time to see Mom.
好吧  爸爸  至少你不用见那个新男友了    Well, Dad, at least you won't have to meet the new guy.
所以  你在干活还是在偷懒    So, you workin' hard or hardly workin'?
巴利  巴利  巴利    Barley, Barley, Barley.
哪里有麻烦哪里就有你    Every time there's trouble, I gotta deal with you.
你在模仿柯尔特吗    Is that your Colt?
对    Yeah.
你还得再练练    You're gonna wanna work on that.
不  不  不  不要啊  老妹儿    No, no, no! Come on, old girl.
你不是说你把面包车修好了吗    I thought you said you fixed the van.
别急  吉娜薇没事    Relax. Guinevere is fine.
她只是肚子有点饿了    Her stomach is just a little empty.
但这里显示油箱是满的    But it says we have a full tank.
不是  那个坏了    No. That doesn't work.
只剩几滴了    Only a few drops left.
也许这里会有加油站    Maybe if there's a gas station...
有可以创造汽油的魔法吗    Is there a magic way to get gas?
我喜欢你的想法  小天才    Oh! I like your thinking, young mage.
增长咒    Growth spell!
我们让油罐变大  里面的汽油    We grow the can, and then the gas inside
也会跟着变多    will grow with it.
这个主意有点奇怪    That's kind of a weird idea.
我知道  我也喜欢    I know! I like it, too.
好吧    Okay.
放松  内心的火焰  来吧    Loosen up. Heart's fire. Here we go.
没那么简单    Whoa. It's not that simple.
这家伙学了一点魔法    This one learns a little magic,
就以为他是跛脚奇士了    thinks he's Shamblefoot the Wondrous,
我说得对吧  爸爸    am I right, Dad?
增长咒比较进阶    A growth spell is a bit more advanced.
你不仅要喊出你内心的火焰    Not only do you have to speak from your heart's fire,
还得遵从一条魔法要诀    but now you also have to follow a magic decree.
魔法什么    A magic what?
就是一种让咒语正常生效的特殊定律    It's a special rule that keeps the spell working right.
这一句说了  "想要变大某个东西    This one states, "To magnify an object,
意念必须更加集中"    "you have to magnify your attention upon it."
你念咒语的时候    While you cast the spell,
不能为任何事物分心    you can't let anything distract you.
好吧    Okay.
怎么了   扎到我了    What?   Splinter.
我们能把这玩意儿打磨一下吗    Can we sand this thing down?
不行  它是古代的东西    No. It's an ancient staff
每一丝纤维都蕴藏着魔法    with magic in every glorious fiber.
你不能给打磨它    You can't sand it down.
好吧  好吧  来吧  集中注意力    All right. All right. Here we go. Focus.
有什么不对劲吗    Something wrong?
对不起  只是你的姿势...这样    Sorry, it's just, your stance is, uh... Here.
扬起下巴  两肘外展  双腿分开    Chin up, elbows out, feet apart,
背部略微前弓    back slightly arched.
感觉如何   很棒    Okay, how's that feel?   Great.
还有一件事   巴利    Oh, one more thing...   Barley!
好  好    Okay, okay.
速速生长    Magnora Gantuan!
不要被魔法吓住    Don't let the magic spook you.
好    Okay.
胳膊肘   什么    Elbows!   What?
胳膊肘抬起来    Elbows up!
不不不  太高了  太高了    No, no, no, it's too high. That's too high.
我在努力保持专注呢    I'm trying to focus here.
是  是  是  专注  专注于那个汽油罐    Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Focus. Focus on the can.
专注    Focus.
专注    Focus.
巴利  算了    Barley! Ah! Forget it!
魔法生效了    It worked!
汽油罐好大    The can is huge.
汽车也好大    And the van is huge.
你也...不    And you're... Oh, no.
怎么回事   你好像把我缩小了    What happened?   Looks like you shrunk me.
怎么会这样    How?
如果你施法失败  就会遭到反噬    Well, if you mess up a spell, there are consequences.
我施法失败全是因为你一直干扰我    I only messed up because you wouldn't stop bothering me.
我是想帮你    I was trying to help you.
行  别帮我    Well, don't try to help me.
好  好  我不帮你了    Oh, okay. Fine. I won't!
爸爸  是我    Dad, it's me.
爸爸  没事  别担心    Dad, it's okay. Don't worry.
我会搞定这个的    I'm gonna fix this.
你要去哪里    Well, where are you going?
去找个加油站    To find a gas station.
我也去   行    Well, I'm going, too.   Fine.
我不需要你的帮助    Hey, I don't need your help.
我没意见    Fine with me.
我就是需要稍微休息一下    I just need a little break.
我的小短腿走不了那么快    My baby legs can't go that fast.
看  加油站    Look, a gas station.
好    Good.
等等  我忘了    Oh, wait, I forgot.
你不需要我的帮助    You don't need my help.
不用兜着我  我是个成年人    Hey, I don't need you to carry me. I'm a grown man.
爸    Dad!
拜托  没事的  巴利和我在一起    Come on, it's okay. Barley is with me.
对  我没事  爸    Yeah, I'm fine, Dad.
法术的副作用最后应该会消退的    The side effects are supposed to wear off eventually.
我现在有没有变大点    Do I look any bigger yet?
你刚刚是不是撞到我了    Hey! Did you just bump into me?
非常抱歉  我刚才没看到你    Oh, I'm terribly sorry. I didn't see you there.
再撞到我  就给你好看    Do it again, and you'll see me in your nightmares.
这个一定中奖  我有预感    This one's lucky. I know it.
再来一包超级酸酸糖  不用找了    Give me a bag of extra sours. Keep the change.
别挡路  豆芽菜    Outta the way, beanstalk.
二号泵十加仑    Uh, 10 on pump two, please.
你在做什么   我在给我们买食品    What are you doing?   I'm getting us food.
行了  我来    All right, I got it.
还有两包这个  谢谢    And a couple of these. Thank you.
我得去趟厕所    I have to go to the bathroom.
你能等等吗    Can it wait?
这可是你的口袋    It's your pocket.
能给我们卫生间钥匙吗    Can we have the bathroom key, please?
好  快点  我想离开这里    Okay, be quick. I want to get out of here.
好  我走了    Okay, I'm goin'.
一共十二块九毛九    That'll be 12.99.
看路    Hey, watch it!
你有什么意见吗  墨镜仔    You got a problem, Shades?
我问你话呢  快回答    Answer me when I'm talking to you.
抱歉  我也不太清楚    I'm sorry, I don't really know
他现在想什么[他的脑袋在哪里]    where his head's at right now.
今晚能消停一下吗    How could this night get any worse?
我也想带你飞去救孩子    You know, I would fly us to help your boys,
但这老翅膀大不如前了    but the old wings aren't what they used to be.
没关系  话说回来  这个诅咒...    Oh, that's fine. So, about this curse...
这都怪我自己    It's my own fault.
我应该每天早上锻炼下翅膀的    I should be doing my wing exercises every morning,
但说着轻松做着难    but you know how that goes.
拜托  那个诅咒  它会有什么效果    Please, the curse. What does it do?
对了  抱歉  那是个守护诅咒    Right. Sorry. It's a Guardian Curse.
如果你的儿子们拿了宝石    If your boys take the gem,
就会触发诅咒  释放出一头强大的野兽    the curse will rise up and assume the form of a mighty beast,
然后把你的儿子们...    and battle your sons to the...
你的儿子们善于应对危机吗    Well, how do your boys do in a crisis?
不太擅长  他们俩一个什么都怕    Not great. One of them is afraid of everything,
一个什么都不怕    and the other isn't afraid of anything.
对  瘦瘦的那个非常胆大    Yeah, that skinny kid of yours is pretty fearless.
不  不  你是说大块头那个吧  巴利    No, no. You mean the big one, Barley.
不  不  是那个小块头  他可算给我好看了    No, no, the little guy. He really let me have it.
什么  你之前说你能帮他们  对吗    What? No, look, you said you could help them, right?
所有诅咒都有一个核心    Every curse has a core,
它的魔力中心    the center of its power.
只有一把用最稀有的金属    And only one weapon forged of
铸造而成的武器能摧毁它    the rarest metals can destroy it,
那就是我的魔法剑    my enchanted sword,
碎咒之剑    the Curse Crusher!
好吧  不过你好像没带上那把剑    Well, okay, but you don't seem to have that on you.
我把它卖掉了    I sold it.
几年前我遇到一点税务问题    Got in a little tax trouble a few years back.
不过不用担心  我知道去哪能找到它    But don't worry, I know just where to find it.
我来了  孩子们    I am on my way, boys.
你们千万别惹麻烦    Just try to stay out of trouble.
你怎么去了那么久    What is taking you so long?
你说谁"古怪"呢    Who you calling "whimsical"?
不    Oh, no.
你真有胆子    You've got a lot of nerve.
我只是说    I'm just saying,
以前精灵会飞来飞去  传播快乐    sprites used to fly around spreading delight.
那是很好    That's a good thing.
精灵不会飞    Sprites can't fly.
你们飞不起来是因为翅膀缺乏锻炼    Well, your wings don't work 'cause you stopped using them.
你是说我懒吗   不  不    You calling me lazy?   No, no, no.
不是你  是你的祖先    Not you. Your ancestors.
你对我的祖先有什么意见    What did you say about my ancestors?
我不是说他们懒...    I didn't mean lazy...
抱歉  非常抱歉  他也很抱歉    I'm sorry, very sorry. He's sorry, too.
你们用不着会飞  谁需要会飞    You don't need to fly. Who needs to fly?
你们有那么酷的机车    I mean, you've got those great bikes.
干什么  我只是在探讨历史    What are you doing? I was just discussing history.
巴利  我在努力照顾你和爸爸    Barley, I'm trying to take care of you and Dad,
你怎么一点也不让我省心    and you're not making it any easier.
爸爸  来    Dad, come on.
不    Oh, no.
你死定了    You're dead!
我们死定了  我们死定了  我们死定了    We're dead! We're dead! We're dead!
放轻松  他们抬不动那些机车的    Relax. They won't be able to lift those bikes.
他们力气好大    They are strong.
要死了  要死了  要死了    We're gonna die! We're gonna die! We're gonna die!
锁住了    It's locked.
什么  钥匙在哪里    What? Where are the keys?
我来    I got this.
加油  巴利    Come on, Barley.
好  走走走    Okay, go, go, go!
不  不  不  不会吧    No. No, no, no. No way.
只能你来了    You're gonna have to.
拜托  它为什么发动不了    Come on. Why won't it start?
你得转到一个刚刚好的位置    There's a sweet spot.
不是中间  也不要拧到头    Not in the middle, not quite at the end.
拜托  拜托  拜托    Come on. Come on. Come on.
拜托了  吉娜薇    Come on, Guinevere!
打到"O"  前进挡    Put it in "O" for "Onward."
好好开车    Drive!
好了  要并线了    Okay, you're gonna have to merge.
加速   我不行    Speed up!   I can't do this.
你可以的   我还没准备好    Yes, you can.   I'm not ready!
你永远准备不好的  并线    You'll never be ready. Merge!
漂亮    Nice job!
别打吉妮   巴利    Hey, don't hit Gwinny.   Barley!
不   绕过去    Oh, no.   Get around 'em!
他们不让我插进去   发信号    They're not letting me in.   Signal.
你的车没有转向灯    You don't have a signaler.
把你的胳膊从窗户伸出去  表示你要左打了    Stick your arm straight out the window to signal left.
回来   接着开    Get back here.   Just keep driving.
巴利    Barley!
山脉在北边    The mountains are north.
你得顺着这条路开到头    You need to get all the way over.
什么...    What the...?
开战了  墨镜仔  抓住他们    Oh, it is on, Shades! Get 'em!
伊恩  专心开车   我没法专心    Ian, stay focused!   I can't!
你必须专心  要不我们都得死    You have to focus or we are all dead!
放松    Just stay cool.
干得漂亮  吉娜薇    Way to go, Guinevere!
启动    Hit it!
过不去了    We're not gonna make it!
爸爸  你还好吗    Dad, are you okay?
他没事  感谢伊恩·莱特福先生    He's fine, thanks to the skillful driving
高超的驾驶技术  击掌    of Sir Ian Lightfoot. High five!
怎么了    What is happening?
我感觉魔咒开始失效了    I think the spell is wearing off.
别压在我的脸上    Get off my face.
警笛  是警察    Chantor's Talon! Cops!
靠边停车   我没有驾照    Pull over.   I don't have a license.
我的钱包还没变回来    My wallet's still tiny.
从车上下来    Step out of the vehicle.
我们要怎么做   我不知道    What are we gonna do?   I don't know.
我们要怎么解释  不  爸    How are we gonna explain...? Oh, no. Dad!
晚上过得挺精彩啊  兄弟    You have a long night there, buddy?
先生  现在请你    Sir, I'm gonna ask you
沿着这条直线走过来    to walk this straight line.
他们会逮捕爸爸    They're gonna take Dad.
好了  好了    Okay, okay.
我知道了  用伪装咒    Oh, I got it. The disguise spell.
你可以把自己变成想变的人    You can disguise yourself to be anyone you want.
要是又搞砸了怎么办    But what if I mess up again?
根据这条咒语上写的    According to the spell,
"伪装术是一种欺骗    "Disguising yourself is a lie,
所以只有说真话才能过关"    "So you must tell the truth to get by."
只要你不撒谎  咒语就不会消失    As long as you don't tell a lie, the spell will be fine.
那好吧  我们变成谁呢    Okay. Who are we gonna be?
好了  我们要带你去警局    Okay, we're taking you down to the station.
这里出了什么事  我的警察伙伴们    What seems to be the problem here, fellow police folk?
布朗科警官    Officer Bronco?
你刚才在那辆车里吗    Were you in that van?
是的  并且我们会    Affirmative. And we will...
我是说  我会为那个家伙    I mean, I will take full responsibility
全权负责    for that fella right there,
你们可以直接把他交给我    so you can just release him over to me.
我想在前面    I wanted to be the front.
不行  我来和他们说    No way. I'll do the talking.
布朗科  你不是负责镇子另一头吗    Bronco, I thought you were working on the other side of town.
我  改变主意了    I, uh, changed my mind.
出什么事了吗    Something wrong?
就是脖子有点抽筋    Just a little neck cramp.
你不能再撒谎了    You have to stop lying.
用提问来回答问题    Answer every question with a question.
你究竟在这做什么呢    What exactly are you doing out here?
我在这里做什么    What am I doing out here?
我们都在这里做什么呢    What are any of us doing out here?
我从没思考过这样的问题    I never thought about it like that.
漂亮    Nice.
无意冒犯  你没回答我的问题    With all due respect, you didn't answer my question.
我们刚才在给伊恩    Well, we were just exercising
做驾驶培训    some driver's education drills for Ian.
伊恩是谁    Who is Ian?
那是劳蕾尔的儿子吗    Is that Laurel's kid?
伊恩是劳蕾尔的儿子    Ian is Laurel's kid.
你的继子一路上都在左摇右摆    Your stepson was swerving all over the road.
是  这个嘛    Yeah, well...
那小子今天不在状态    that guy's not all there today.
是  他看起来是有点迷糊    Yeah, he does seem a little off.
你看起来也有点不对劲    You seem a little off yourself.
其实  说句实在话    Actually, if I'm being completely honest,
在这种情况下  我感觉不太自在    I'm not super great in this kind of situation,
我有点开始害怕了    and I'm starting to freak out a little bit.
我不停出汗  举止奇怪  也不知道该说什么    And I'm all sweaty and weird, and I don't know what to say
我感觉自己什么都做不对    and I just feel like I can't do anything right,
我真是个怪人    and I'm a total weirdo.
慢着  慢着    Hold on, hold on.
我好像知道是怎么回事了    I think I know what's going on here.
是吗    You do?
初为人父母都不容易    It's not easy being a new parent.
我女朋友的女儿也让我抓狂  好吗    My girlfriend's daughter got me pulling my hair out, okay?
是啊    Yeah.
好了  可以让他走了    All right, we can let him go.
好吧  我带他上车了    Okay, well, I'm just gonna take him to the van.
会好起来的  明白吗  祝你好运  布朗科    It gets better. All right? Good luck, Bronco.
你也是  警官    You, too, Officer.
继续努力  不然就没得努力了    Keep workin' hard or hardly workin'.
你演的柯尔特可真像    Now, that was a good Colt.
我可不羡慕你  布朗科    I don't envy you, Bronco.
那个莱特福家的孩子很难搞    That Lightfoot kid is a handful.
这我可就不同意了    I'm gonna have to disagree with you there.
我觉得伊恩是个很正直的市民    I think Ian's a pretty stand up citizen.
没说他  我说的是大点的那个    Not him, the older one.
什么    What?
那孩子就是个麻烦精    I mean, the guy's a screwup.
这你不会不同意了吧    You can't say you don't agree.
我不同意    I don't.
什么    What?
我是说  好吧    I mean, okay, well...
我得走了  得送伊恩回家    I gotta get going. Gotta get Ian home.
我是说  我上班要迟到了    I mean, I'm late for work.
抱歉  我是说  我感觉有点不舒服    Sorry, I mean, I'm feelin' a little sick.
我是指疲惫  疲惫得不舒服  得走了    I mean tired. Sick and tired. Gotta go!
周一见    See you Monday!
天呐  布朗科快要崩溃了    Man. Bronco is losin' it.
所以我才不会结婚呢    See, that's why I never got married.
老戈尔可受不了被束缚    Old Gore can't be tied down.
我是斯贝克特    This is Specter.
能帮我接通柯尔特·布朗科警官吗    Can you put me through to Officer Colt Bronco?
巴利  我不知道刚才是怎么回事    Barley, I don't know what happened back there.
但我不觉得你是麻烦精    But I don't think you're a screwup.
或许是魔法搞错了    Maybe the magic just got it wrong, you know.
你说是就是吧    Yeah.
我不知道刚才是怎么回事    I don't know what happened.
巴利  巴利    Barley! Barley!
你要去哪    Where are you going?
巴利  拜托  这都只是...    Barley, come on. This is all just...
我不是麻烦精    I'm not a screwup.
我没这么说    I didn't say you were.
魔法已经替你说出来了    The magic said it for you.
魔法搞错了    Well, the magic got it wrong.
魔法不会搞错    Magic doesn't get it wrong!
那个警察问了一个问题    The cop asked a question,
你做出了回答  然后魔法揭露了真相  对吗    you answered, and magic revealed the truth. Right?
对吧    Right?
我不知道这都是怎么回事    I don't know how any of this stuff works.
我只知道今晚我们做的所有事都出了问题    All I know is that everything we've done tonight has gone wrong.
对  那是因为你不听我的    Yeah, it's gone wrong because you won't listen to me.
你没搞错吧    Are you kidding?
因为所有事都是你的主意    Because everything we've done has been your idea.
但你没按我的想法去做    But you didn't do it my way.
你不让我去说服蝎尾飞狮    You didn't let me handle the Manticore.
我跟精灵们交谈  你大惊小怪    You freaked out when I talked to the sprites.
因为你认定了我想不出好主意    'Cause you don't think I have good ideas.
什么  当然不是了    What? Of course I do.
那好  那我觉得我们应该走危险小径    Great! Then I think we should take the Path of Peril.
我觉得这样也很好  通常来说...    And I also think that would be good, normally...
看吧    See?
但是  我跟你说过了  这不是游戏    But, I told you, this isn't a game.
今天最重要的是爸爸    All that matters today is Dad,
而现在他正坐在车里    and right now he's sitting in that van,
充满疑惑...    and he's confused...
怎么了    What?
他在做什么    What is he doing?
他好像可以感受到音乐的律动    I think he can feel the vibrations of the music,
他在跳舞    and he's dancing.
他跳得真糟    He is terrible.
对  他跳得真的真的真的很糟    Yeah. He's really, really bad.
不好  他过来了    No. Here he comes.
不用了  谢了  爸爸  不用了    No, no, no. Thanks, Dad. Dad, thank you.
我就算了  别闹了    I'm good. Stop.
好吧  好吧    Okay. Okay.
不  不  不    No, no, no!
我不太会跳舞    I'm not really a big dancer.
想象一下这个舞的上半身是怎么跳的    Just imagine what the top half of this dance looks like.
我敢说应该是这样的    I bet it goes something like this.
你跳到鞋带都散了  爸爸    You danced your shoelaces loose there, Pop.
你知道吗  我也想见到他    You know, I wanna see him, too.
我知道    Yeah, I know.
如果不给我机会做件正确的事    It's not fair for you to call me a screwup
就说我是麻烦精  这样不公平    if you don't give me a chance to get something right.
就一件事按我说的做吧    Just do one thing my way.
你真觉得这条危险小径    You really think this Path of Peril
是去山上的最佳路线    is the best way to go to the mountain?
好吧    Okay.
所以你的魔法剑在哪    So, where is your magic sword?
就在这扇门里面    It lies beyond those gates.
如果我们不能带着剑离开这里    If we don't leave here with the sword,
你的儿子就死定了    your boys are doomed.
给    There you are.
一个捣蒜器    One garlic crusher.
不  是碎咒之剑    No, Curse Crusher.
是一把很大的魔法剑    It's a large magical sword.
剑    Sword.
剑  剑  剑    Sword, sword, sword.
我有这么个东西    I mean, I got this thing.
就是这个   多少钱    That's it!   How much?
就十块吧   太好了    Let's call it, uh, 10.   Great!
由最稀有的金属铸成    Forged of the rarest metals,
这世上独一无二的剑    the only sword of its kind in all the land.
你好呀  老朋友  我们再也不会分开了    Hello, old friend. We shall never part again.
原来这把剑    Turns out this sword
在这世上仅此一把    is the only sword of its kind in all the land.
那就一万块    So, let's call it 10,000.
你不能这么做   我就这么做了    You can't do that!   Well, I just did.
好吧  你最好...    Okay, you had better...
喂    Yeah?
我刚问了几个警察    I talked to some other officers,
他们说最后看到孩子们向北边去了    and they said the boys were last seen going north.
他们没事吧   他们没事    Are they okay?   They're fine.
但警官们说...亲爱的    But the officers said... Well, honey,
这事越来越奇怪了    this night keeps getting stranger and stranger.
你知道我是谁吗    Do you know who I am?
一位长翅膀的熊蛇女士    Some kind of winged bear snake lady?
是长翅膀的狮蝎女士    Winged lion scorpion lady!
确实    It sure does.
听着  我需要那把剑    Listen, I need that sword.
我儿子这辈子只有这次机会    My sons have a once in a lifetime chance
能见到自己的父亲    to see their father.
现在  我的大儿子...    Now, my oldest son...
我的天啊...你把她杀了    Holy son of a... You killed her!
没事的  她只是暂时动弹不得    It's okay. She's only temporarily paralyzed.
你不能这么做    You can't do this.
我就这么做了   拿上剑    Well, I just did.   Grab the sword.
你敢碰那把剑   给你    Don't you touch that.   Here you go.
再多给你点  赔偿你的损失    And a little something extra for your trouble.
我很喜欢你的店    I love your store.
那个真好看    That's so pretty.
棒    Yeah!
劳蕾尔  怎么了    Laurel, what's happening?
棒   喂  你还好吗    Yeah!   Hello? Are you all right?
劳蕾尔    Laurel?
柯尔特  我不讲了  孩子们需要我    Colt, I can't talk. The boys need me.
等等    Wait!
这俩臭孩子    Dang those kids.
♪ 我们踏上任务之旅 ♪    ♪ We're heading on a quest ♪
♪ 誓要带回我们的父亲 ♪    ♪ Our father we must retrieve ♪
♪ 莱特福兄弟所向无敌 ♪    ♪ The Lightfoot brothers can't be stopped ♪
♪ 词词句句 ♪    ♪ Something, something ♪
♪ 和前面押韵 ♪    ♪ That rhymes with retrieve ♪
对  我们还在    Yeah, we're still here.
你们早上好啊  莱特福家的男人们    Well, good morning to thee, dear Lightfoot men.
欢迎来到危险小径    Welcome to the Path of Peril.
这都算不上是小径吧    It's not much of a path.
这里一直都没被开发    Well, you know, they never really developed around here.
所以小心点  我们可能会遇上任何东西    So, heads up, we could run into anything.
野迩兽  狼龙  胶质怪    A centicore, wolf dragon, gelatinous cube.
好吧  胶质怪是什么    Okay, what is a gelatinous cube?
就是一个巨大的绿色立方体    It's a giant green cube
任何东西一碰到它就会立即分解    that instantly disintegrates all that it touches.
我们遇不上...停车    We are not gonna run into a... Oh! Stop!
这是什么    What is this?
无底深渊    Bottomless pit.
只要掉了下去  会永远处在下落之中    Whatever falls in there, falls forever.
爸爸  过来    Dad, come here.
伊恩  快看    Ian, check it out.
这是一座古代吊桥    This is an ancient drawbridge.
把这个大家伙放下来    We lower that bad boy
就能去乌鸦角了    and we are on our way to Raven's Point.
在附近找找控制杆    Look around for a lever.
找到了    Found it.
但是是在悬崖另一边    But it's on the other side.
好吧  交给我    Okay, I got this.
悬浮升空    Aloft Elevar.
你不能离这么远施悬浮咒    You can't cast a levitation spell on something that far away.
这个魔法的有效距离只有十五米    It only has, like, a 15 meter enchanting radius.
爸爸  瞧这家伙傻的    Dad, can you believe this guy?
我们需要的是信任之桥咒    What we need is a Trust Bridge.
这个咒语能搭起一座可以过人的桥    It's a spell that creates a magical bridge you can walk on.
只用念"隐身之桥"    Just say "Bridgrigar Invisia."
好  隐身之桥    Okay. Bridgrigar Invisia.
隐形之桥    Bridgrigar Invisia!
没有用   不  咒语效力还在    It didn't work.   No, the spell's still going.
只有踩上去才知道到底有没有用    You won't know if your bridge worked until you step on it.
踩什么    Step on what?
如果你相信桥在它就在    If you believe the bridge is there, then it's there.
可是没在   你这态度可不行    But it's not.   Well, not with that attitude.
我才不要去踩空气    I'm not gonna step out onto nothing.
现在有绳子了    Now we've got a rope.
但是你根本用不上它  因为...    But you're not gonna even need it because...
我要绳子   好吧    I want the rope!   Okay.
我只是说你根本用不上这根绳子    I'm just saying you're not gonna need the rope,
因为我知道你能把桥变出来    because I know you can make that bridge.
我要死了  我要死了  我死了  我死了    I'm dying! I'm dying! I'm dead! I'm dead! I'm dead!
我的生命到头了   我抓住你了    My life is over.   I got you.
好吧  你掉下去了    Okay, you fell.
但真有那么吓人吗   当然了    But was that so bad?   Yes!
你是不是还活着   是的    Are you still alive?   Yes.
现在你知道最糟的情况是什么了    Okay, so now you know the worst that can happen.
那就没什么好怕的了  对吧    So, there's nothing to be scared of, right?
隐形之桥    Bridgrigar Invisia!
你可以的    You can do this.
我说行吧    There you go!
相信你走的每一步    Believe with every step.
你还拉着我吧    You've got me, right?
放心吧    I still got you.
伊恩·莱特福无所畏惧    Ian Lightfoot is fearless.
这真是太棒了    This is amazing!
没错  继续前进    Yeah! But just keep going.
不要回头  勇往直前    Don't look back. Just straight ahead.
你还拉着绳子  对吧    You've still got the rope, right?
没错  我拉着    Yeah, I got it.
我不害怕    I am not afraid!
老兄  我可以整天待这上面    Man, I could stay out here all day.
好的  可你得继续前进    Okay, but keep moving.
我们得见爸爸  记得吗    We've gotta see Dad, remember?
爸爸  最后一步为你而走    Dad, this last step is for you.
他成功了  爸爸    He did it, Dad.
你太了不起了    That was amazing.
绳子什么时候掉的    How long was the rope gone?
就下半段吧    Just, like, the second half of it.
我需要那根绳子    I needed that rope.
你真的需要吗    But did you?
伊恩  看    Ian! Look.
是只乌鸦    It's a raven.
菜单上的线索说在乌鸦角    The clue on the menu said Raven's Point.
没错  在山里    Yeah. In the mountains.
可是也许谜语的答案并不是这座山    But maybe the puzzle didn't mean the mountain.
或许说的是乌鸦指向的地方    Maybe it means follow where the raven is pointing.
又一只乌鸦    It's another raven.
那只可能指向另一只乌鸦    That one could be pointing to another raven,
一直指引我们找到宝石    all the way to the gem.
我之前指错了路    I... I had us going the wrong way.
我说吧  我的直觉[肚子]知道该往哪走    Well, I told you. My gut knows where to go.
不是吗  小子  是的  没错    Don't you, boy? Yes, you do.
走吧  爸爸    Come on, Dad.
吉娜薇很快就能把我们带到那只乌鸦那    Guinevere will get us to that raven in no time.
你们俩...    You guys...
有麻烦了  大麻烦    are in trouble, big time.
不不不  柯尔特  我们找到一个咒语    No, no, no, Colt. We found a spell.
如果能在日落前完成  我们就可以见到爸爸了    If we finish it before sunset, we'll get to see our father.
你妈告诉过我    Well, your mom told me
你们家发生了奇怪的事    there was some kind of strange family issue going on,
这绝对算得上奇怪    and this is definitely strange.
但不行  该死的    But no, dang it.
我不会再让你们惹妈妈烦心    I'm not letting you upset your mother anymore.
快点上车  我送你们回去    Now you get in the vehicle, I'm escorting you home.
不  不行    No. No way.
我数到三    I'm giving you to the count of three.
好的  我们回   伊恩    Okay, we'll go.   Ian.
他是警察    He's a police officer.
你要干什么    What are you doing?
我不知道    I don't know.
他妈...    Son of a...
我需要支援  车辆逃窜    I need backup. Runaway van!
伊恩多尔·莱特福不守规矩了    Iandore Lightfoot, breaking the rules.
不敢相信我在逃离警察追捕    I can't believe I'm running from the cops.
你不是逃离警察追捕    You're not running from the cops,
你是逃离咱妈的男朋友    you're running from our mom's boyfriend.
好吧  现在是逃离警察追捕了    Okay, now you're running from the cops.
抓牢了    Hold on!
棒  干得漂亮  吉娜薇    Yeah! Nice going, Guinevere!
我干了什么  我不该开车逃走    What did I do? I shouldn't have driven away.
不  你做得很棒    No, it was great.
用那些大石块堵住路    Block the road with those boulders.
什么  怎么做    What? How?
闪电奥术    Arcane Lightning.
你说过那是最难的咒语    You said that's the hardest spell.
你已经准备好了    You are ready.
"要轻松召唤闪电    "To make lightning strike with ease,
必须遵循所有要诀"    "one must follow all decrees."
你必须达到所有要求    You have to do everything.
释放内心的火焰    Speak from your heart's fire,
相信自己  专注  全部都要做到    trust yourself, focus, all of it.
闪电霹雳    Voltar Thundasir.
闪电霹雳    Voltar Thundasir!
闪电霹雳    Voltar Thundasir!
不行  我做不到    I can't! I can't do it.
我们见不到你了  爸爸  都是我的错    We're not gonna see you, Dad. And it's all my fault.
你在做什么    What are you doing?
怎么回事...    What the...?
巴利    Barley.
她只是一辆破旧不堪的车    She was just a beat up old van.
来吧  我们得走了    Come on, we gotta go.
等等    Wait.
你看到了吗  爸爸    You see that, Dad?
青出于蓝而胜于蓝    The apprentice has become the master.
看起来像水    It looks like water.
那么X代表什么    So, what's the X mean?
寻宝中  X只代表一样东西    On a quest, an X only means one thing.
走到水的尽头  就能找到凤凰宝石    We go to the end of the water, we'll find that Phoenix Gem.
独角兽    Unicorns!
酷    Cool.
这条河可能有几千米长    This water could go on for miles.
我们没时间了    We don't have that kinda time.
如果有什么能浮在水面上    If we had something to float on,
我就可以施一个加速咒    we could cast a velocity spell on it,
像坐魔法摩托艇一样飞快地冲出隧道    fly down the tunnel like a magic jet ski.
水面上什么都没有    Well, there's not much to float on.
记住  做任务时    Remember, on a quest,
只能有什么就用什么    you have to use what you've got.
速速生长    Magnora Gantuan!
加速    Accelior!
这还挺酷的    This is actually kinda cool.
你还知道什么咒语    So, what other spells do you know?
听好了  小魔法师    Brace yourself, young mage.
我知道所有魔法    I know all there is to know of magic.
柯尔特  我们知道他们俩要去哪    Colt, we know where the boys are going.
我们得赶在他们释放诅咒前找到他们    We just have to get to them before they unleash the curse.
什么   我们去打破诅咒吧    The what?   Let's crush some curses!
诅咒  那个把一块石头变成巨龙    The curse. The curse that protects the gem
来保护宝石的诅咒    by turning into a rock dragon or something.
什么龙    A what dragon?
我说不清    I can't explain it.
我只知道我们必须尽快找到他们    I just know we have to get to the boys fast.
我们会很快找到他们  非常快    We'll get to them fast. We'll get to them so fast.
我差点抓到他们  可伊恩开车逃了    Well, I almost had 'em, but Ian, he just drove off.
干得不错   什么    Good for him.   What?
不  我是说他害怕开车    No, I just mean he's scared to drive.
觉得会有什么东西突然撞上...    Thinks something's gonna come at him out of the...
我的腿好像卡住了    I think I stung my leg.
劳蕾尔  发生了什么  怎么回事    Laurel, what happened? What's goin' on?
你差点害死我了  女士    You almost killed me, lady.
你还好吗  你从哪冒出来的    Are you okay? Where did you come from?
是你开到了我们的飞行路线上    You were in our flight path.
你还好吗   我没事    Are you all right?   I'm fine.
糟糕  我们的车    No. Our transport!
这下怎么去找你儿子    How are we going to get to your sons now?
走吧  闪粉仙子们  飞向天空吧    Come on, Pixie Dusters, let's take to the skies.
我为飞翔而生    I was born to fly!
你觉得活动下翅膀怎么样    How do you feel about exercising those wings?
烟火轰鸣    Boombastia!
记住...   对了    Remember...   Right.
烟火轰鸣    Boombastia!
你是天才  加快节奏    You're a natural! Think fast.
悬浮升空    Aloft Elevar!
棒  漂亮    Yeah! Nice!
留意点  别把船吃光了    Careful how much boat you're eating there, man,
我们还得撑到隧道尽头    we still gotta make it to the end of the tunnel.
有道理    Yeah. Good point.
不敢相信我马上就要跟爸爸面对面对话了    I can't believe I'm this close to actually talking to Dad.
你知道我要问他什么吗    You know what I'm gonna ask him?
他有没有给自己起个魔法师名    If he ever gave himself a wizard name.
什么    What?
因为他喜欢魔法    Well, 'cause he was into magic.
很多魔法师都有很酷的名字    Lots of wizards have cool names.
不可一世阿罗拉    Alora the Majestic.
奇思妙想博尔达    Birdar the Fanciful.
总之  对他的记忆超过四件事真好    Anyway, it'll just be nice to have more than four memories of him.
三件   什么    Three.   Hmm?
你只记得三件事    You only have three memories.
没错    Yeah.
巴利  你有什么关于爸爸的回忆没告诉我吗    Barley, do you have another memory of Dad you haven't told me?
不  只是我不太喜欢那件事    No, it's just not my favorite.
什么意思    What do you mean?
爸爸生病时    When Dad was sick,
我本该进去跟他道别    I was supposed to go in and say goodbye to him.
但他身上连着那么多管子    But he was hooked up to all these tubes,
我都快认不出他了    and he just didn't look like himself.
我害怕了    I got scared,
就没有进去    and I didn't go in.
从那以后我就决定    That's when I decided
我再也不为任何事而害怕    I was never gonna be scared ever again.
前方好像出现了什么东西    Looks like we're coming up on somethin'.
终极考验    The final gauntlet.
穿过这里我们就能找到凤凰宝石了    The Phoenix Gem is just on the other side.
小心  这里可能有陷阱    Careful, there could be booby traps.
这地方看起来都有一千多年了    This place is, like, 1,000 years old.
怎么可能有...    There's no way there could be...
糟了    Oh, no.
不会吧    It can't be.
胶质怪    A gelatinous cube!
快跑    Run!
等等  这是个谜题    Wait! It's some kind of puzzle.
我们得先解开...    We gotta figure it out before...
没时间了  快拿个盾牌    No time. Grab a shield.
跳过去  相信我   什么    Jump! Trust me!   What?
悬浮升空    Aloft Elevar!
伊恩    Ian.
别踩到那个    Don't step on that.
我没碰它    I didn't touch it.
闪电霹雳    Voltar Thundasir!
下面那块石头和开口处有一样的图案    The tile down there has the same shape as the opening.
也许我们应该踩上去    Maybe we were supposed to step on it?
什么   交给我    What?   I got it.
不要  巴利    No, Barley!
打开了    Oh! It's working!
不行的    It's impossible.
没人能憋气那么久    No one can hold their breath that long.
我们成功了    We made it!
凤凰宝石就在这扇门外等着我们    The Phoenix Gem awaits beyond this door.
我们一起过去吧    Shall we?
当然    We certainly shall!
爸爸  我们完成了寻宝任务    Dad, we have followed the quest,
马上就要走向胜利了    and it has led us to our victory!
我们回来了  回家了    We're back home.
这不可能  我们走了危险小径    No, that doesn't make sense. We took the Path of Peril.
跟着乌鸦所指的方向    We followed the ravens,
一直到了河流源头    we went to the end of the water...
除非这个X是指远离水域    Unless the X meant stay away from the water.
也可能是指篝火    Or it could be, like, a campfire?
没关系  我们会想明白的    It's okay. We can figure this out.
还想什么  我们又回到原点了    Figure out what? We're back where we started.
肯定是这里  我们经历了考验    I mean, it has to be here. There was a gauntlet.
除非那个考验    I mean, unless that gauntlet was for,
碰巧是为了其它任务而设的    coincidentally, some different quest.
那也有可能   什么    That's a possibility.   What?
不不不  凤凰宝石肯定在这里    No, no, no. This has to be where the Phoenix Gem is.
我听从了直觉    I followed my gut.
不   怎么了    Oh, no.   What?
宝石在山里    The gem is in the mountain.
我们本该几小时前就到了那座山  如果我们...    The mountain we could have been to hours ago if we just...
如果我们继续走高速    If we just stayed on the expressway.
不对  高速太明显了    No, the expressway is too obvious.
不能选择过于明显的...    You can never take the obvious...
要是我没听你的就好了  好吗    If I hadn't listened to you! Okay?
太难以置信了    I can't believe this.
你装作知道自己在做什么    You act like you know what you're doing,
但你就像个没头苍蝇    but you don't have a clue,
因为你就是个麻烦精    and that's because you are a screwup.
现在我终于有机会能见到从未谋面的爸爸    And now you've screwed up my chance
却被你搞砸了    to have the one thing I never had!
你要去哪    Where are you going?
和爸爸共度我们仅存的一点时光    To spend what little time we have left with Dad.
伊恩  等等    Ian, wait!
我们还是可以找到凤凰宝石的    We can still find the Phoenix Gem.
别放弃    We just have to keep lookin'.
伊恩    Ian!
伊恩    Ian!
不  爸爸    No, Dad.
他不在    He's not here.
快出现啊  在哪里呢    Come on. Where is it?
跟随水流    Follow the water.
好了  出来  从喷泉里出来    All right. Come on, out of the fountain.
不  我在找一块古老的宝石    No, I'm looking for an ancient gem.
我们知道  "旧时光多美好"    Oh, yeah, we know. "The old days."
不  住手  拜托了  别这样    No! Stop! Please! No!
好了  疼  好了    Okay, ow, okay!
好了  我走    Okay. I'm leaving.
停下   别闹了    Hey!   Come on!
谁去报警  历史迷又来了    Can someone call the cops? We got the history buff again.
我不行   你能行的    I can't do this.   Yes, you can.
我还没准备好   你永远准备不好的  并线    I'm not ready!   You'll never be ready. Merge!
漂亮    Nice job!
反应快点   悬浮升空    Think fast.   Aloft Elevar!
我知道你能做得更好    I know you're stronger than that.
我弟弟有魔法天赋    My little brother has the magic gift.
别迟疑    Don't hold back.
你能做到的    Hey. You can do this.
好了  别闹了  马上下来    Okay, come on. Get down right now.
巴利    Barley!
伊恩  快看    Ian! Look!
当心身后    Behind you!
是诅咒    It's a curse.
巴利  快跑    Barley, run!
你想要什么  宝石吗    What do you want? The gem?
行  拿去吧    Fine, take it!
蝎尾飞狮    The Manticore!
妈妈    Mom?
没事了  儿子们  剩下的交给我们...    It's okay, boys, we'll take care...
你歪了  歪了    Whoa... You're tilting! You're tilting!
妈妈   去见你的父亲    Mom!   Go see your father!
没事的  只要她们用那把剑    It's okay! If they stab the beast's core
刺中那怪兽的核心  诅咒就会解除    with that sword, the curse will be broken.
我们走    Come on!
巴利  很抱歉我之前说了那样的话    Barley, what I said before... I am so sorry.
没时间了  太阳要落山了    There's no time. The sun's about to set.
仅此一次  请赐予我重生    Only once is all we get, grant me this rebirth.
明日日落前  行于世一日    Till tomorrow's sun has set, one day to walk the earth!
该摧毁这个诅咒了    Time to crush a curse!
我的背    My back.
我是一个勇猛的战士    I am a mighty warrior.
我是一个勇猛的战士    I am a mighty warrior!
快点  我没办法拖住它太久    Hurry! I can't hold this for long!
不不  不行了  巴利    No! No, no, no! Barley!
儿子们  它又来了    Boys, it's coming back!
我去引开它    I'll go distract it.
什么  不行    What? No!
如果你那么做  会错过见到爸爸的机会    If you do that, you'll miss Dad.
没关系  替我跟爸爸问好    It's okay. Say hi to Dad for me.
不  你去跟爸爸道别   什么    No. You go and say goodbye.   What?
一直有人保护着我    I had someone who looked out for me.
有人敦促着我成长    Someone who pushed me to be
让我强大到自己都不曾想像到    more than I ever thought I could be.
我没有爸爸    I never had a dad,
但是我一直都有你    but I always had you.
隐形之桥    Bridgrigar Invisia!
烟火轰鸣    Boombastia!
悬浮升空    Aloft Elevar!
不    No!
不  不  不    No! No, no, no!
有什么就用什么    Use what I have.
我有什么  什么也没有    Uh, what do I have? I have nothing.
木刺  每一丝纤维都蕴藏着魔法    Splinter. Magic in every fiber.
速速生长    Magnora Gantuan!
不  闪电奥术    No! Voltar Thundasir!
伊恩    Ian!
加速    Accelior!
伊恩    Ian!
他说了什么    What did he say?
他说他一直觉得自己的魔法师名    He said he always thought his wizard name
应该叫异想天开维尔登    would be Wilden the Whimsical.
真烂    That's really terrible.
可不是    I know.
他还说  他很骄傲    He also said he's very proud
你成长为这样的一个人    of the person you grew up to be.
那都多亏了有你    Well, I owe an awful lot of that to you.
他差不多也是那么说的    He kinda said that, too.
他还让我给你这个    And he told me to give you this.
很久以前  这个世界遍布奇迹    Long ago, the world was full of wonder.
它充满奇遇  惊险刺激    It was adventurous, exciting,
最厉害的是  有魔法存在    and best of all, there was magic.
看着点    Watch it!
正中靶心    Bullseye!
然后  我用力一挥我的利剑    And then, with a slash of my mighty sword,
就将怪兽的翅膀从它伤痕累累的身躯上斩断了    I severed the beast's wings from its wretched body!
好了  谁要吃蛋糕    Okay, who wants cake?
我认为  生活中加入一点点魔法    And I think, with a little bit of magic in your life,
你就可以变得无所不能    you can do almost anything.
你就是这么重建学校的吗    Is that how you put the school back together?
是的    Uh, yes.
起先你也是这么    Is that also how you destroyed
毁掉学校的吧    the school in the first place?
也没说错    Also yes.
讲得太好了   谢谢    That was great.   Thanks.
一会去公园吗   去  公园见    You going to the park later?   Yeah! See you there.
妈妈    Mom!
布拉泽  下来    Blazey, down!
谁是乖乖龙  乖乖龙    Who's a good dragon? Who's a good dragon?
今天上学怎么样    So, how was school?
非常好    It was really good.
那太好了    Well, all right.
回来了  你有好好学习吧    Hey, there he is. You workin' hard?
没有  净偷懒啦    No, hardly workin'.
我得走了  今晚和蝎尾飞狮出去玩    I gotta go. I'm meeting the Manticore for a night out.
有人投诉扰民    We got a one one three in progress.
请所有警员回复    All units report.
使命召唤  该出门了    Duty calls. Time to hit the trails.
你忘拿钥匙了    Oh, you forgot your keys!
不需要  我生来就该奔跑    Don't need 'em. I was born to run.
驾    Hyah!
新车怎么样    So, how's the new van?
吉娜薇二世棒极了    Guinevere the Second is great.
我差不多快存够钱给她粉刷一新了    I've almost got enough saved up for a sweet paint job.
不  不必了   为什么    No, please don't.   Why not?
因为我已经刷好了    Because I already took care of it.
太棒了    Oh, yeah!
好了  去往公园最佳线路    Okay, best way to the park is to take
叫做毁灭之路    a little something called the Road of Ruin.
这也太明显了   等等  你说什么    It's too obvious.   Wait, what?
做任务时  一览无余的道路从来都不是正确的选择    On a quest, the clear path is never the right one.


