喔 中国的救星啊  Oh, savior of China,
花家因你而光宗耀祖  you have ennobled the House of Fa.
为了感谢您 我们向您致敬  In gratitude, we honor you.
致以最崇高的敬意 伟大的...  All veneration to you. Oh mighty...
快点 说我的名字  Say it. Say my name.
木须  Mushu.
我说的就是这个  Now, that's what I'm talking about.
嘿 最近怎么样 老兄? 多谢你的介绍了  Hey, how you doing up there, man? Thanks for the intro.
我现在要看看心爱的宝座了  And now I think I'd like to visit my beloved pedestal.
哦 真受不了  Let's get it over with.
替我穿上仪式礼服  Ceremonial robe of honor.
要是木兰现在能看见我就好了  If Mulan could see me now.
木兰救了中国一次 结果他倒自以为是皇帝了  Mulan saves China one time, and now he thinks he's the emperor.
我现在正走向天堂  I'm climbing a stairway to heaven.
到顶楼了  Top floor.
令人敬畏的宝座  Pedestals, perks and props.
豪华的泡泡浴  Ceremonial bath of honor.
耶 你们最好现在就做个深呼吸  Yeah. You all better take a deep breath now,
因为我还要在这待上个一千年  because I ain't leaving my pedestal for the next thousand years.
启动按摩浴缸吧  Let the whirlpool begin.
哦 太爽了  Oh, yeah.
花木兰2
按照这上面说 我把钱放到这  According to this chart, I put the coins here.
别急 孩子  Relax, child.
直觉告诉我 李翔会在日落前赶来向木兰求婚的  The spirits tell me Shang will arrive and propose to Mulan before the sun sets.
现在下注还来得及  There's still time to get in on the pool.
妈妈  Mother.
赌博就跟打麻将又不带钱一样  Gambling is like playing mah  jongg with blank tiles.
没人赢的  No one really wins.
有你在我就能赢 儿子  I'm enriched by your presence, my son.
我该去祈愿了  I think I'll go pray.
你好 小榕  Hello, Sha Ron.
花木兰在吗?    怎么了 她去田里了  Is Fa Mulan here?    Why, she's out in the field.
对 干活呢  Yeah, doing her chores.
我去帮她  I'll go help her.
谢谢  Thank you.
孩子们都喜欢木兰  The children all love Mulan.
那当然  And why not?
她有本事 又勇敢 还漂亮  She's strong, she's brave, she's beautiful.
她就跟她爹一模一样  She's a chip off the old block.
嘿... 呀!  Hi... ya!
你们好  Hiya.
没事的 小白 你们有事吗?  It's okay, Little Brother. What's going on here?
我们要像你一样 花木兰  We wanna be like you, Fa Mulan.
呀! 呀! 嘿... 呀!  Ya! Ya! Hi... ya!
但我自己还在学呢  But I'm still learning myself.
拜托了    就教教我们吧 木兰  Please?    Teach us, Mulan.
就一下下    好吧 大概能教个几招  Show us.    Okay. I guess I can show a few moves.
木兰要教我们打坏蛋啦!  Mulan's gonna teach us how to kick butt!
别急别急  Hold it. Calm down.
那是第二课  That's lesson number two.
首先要学会的是变得柔和  The first and most important lesson is to be gentle
同时也要变得刚强  at the same time we're being tough.
要怎么做到又柔和 又刚强呢?  How can you be tough and gentle?
就是 我就想要变得刚强  Yeah, I wanna be tough.
对!  Yeah!
我知道这听起来有些奇怪  I know it does sound a little funny.
但这世界都是正反两面的 你们也是  But the world is full of opposites, and so are you.
要想做个好战士 你要让一切都平衡  To be a good warrior, you must bring it all into balance.
看看这么说明不明白  Let's see if this helps.
地与天 昼与夜  Earth, sky, day, night.
喧闹与寂静  Sound and silence.
黑暗与光明  Dark and light.
# 单独存在不足够 #  # One alone is not enough #
# 需要两者平衡 #  # You need both together #
# 冬与夏 日与月 #  # Winter, summer, moon and sun #
# 这是第一课 #  # Lesson number one #
# 像石头一样坚强 #  # Like a rock. You must be hard #
# 像橡树一样稳固 #  # Like an oak. You must stand firm #
# 要迅猛 #  # Cut quick #
# 好似刀锋 #  # Like my blade #
# 要敏锐 #  # Think fast #
# 更要无畏 #  # Unafraid #
# 像石头一样坚强 #  # Like a rock I must be hard #
# 像橡树一样稳固 #  # Like an oak I must stand firm #
# 要迅猛 #  # Cut quick #
# 好似刀锋 #  # Like my blade #
# 要敏锐 #  # Think fast #
# 更要无畏 #  # Unafraid #
好的 木兰 我准备好了  Okay, Mulan, I'm ready.
但你还没掌握平衡哦  But you're still out of balance.
才刚刚学会了一半呢  You're only halfway there.
# 有时候 要软如云 #  # Like a cloud. You are soft #
# 若竹枝 摇曳在风里 #  # Like bamboo You bend in the wind #
# 慢下来 让心灵变宁静 #  # Creeping slow You're at peace because you know #
# 就算害怕也不要紧 #  # It's okay to be afraid #
# 有时候 要软如云 #  # Like a cloud I am soft #
# 若竹枝 摇曳在风里 #  # Like bamboo I bend in the wind #
# 慢下来 让心灵变宁静 #  # Creeping slow I'm at peace because I know #
# 就算害怕也不要紧 #  # It's okay to be afraid #
# 单独存在不足够 单独存在不足够 #  # One alone is not enough. One alone is not enough #
# 需要两者平衡 需要两者平衡 #  # You need both together You need both together #
# 冬与夏 日与月 #  # Winter, summer, moon and sun #
# 这是第一课 #  # Lesson number one #
# 像片云 像块石 #  # Like a cloud Like a rock #
# 我很柔 也很刚 #  # I am soft I must be hard #
# 像根竹 像棵树 #  # Like bamboo Like an oak #
# 我有韧性 也够刚强 #  # I bend in the wind I must stand firm #
# 你能飞 #  # You can fly #
# 静如止水 迅如刀锋 #  # I'm at peace because I know Cut quick Like my blade #
# 要敏锐 害怕也无所谓 #  # Think fast It's okay to be afraid #
# 更要无畏 #  # Unafraid #
# 这就是! 第一课 #  # You have begun! Lesson number one #
# 第一课 第一课 #  # Lesson number one. Lesson number one #
# 这是第一课 #  # Lesson number one #
李将军来了  It's General Shang.
李将军    是他  General Shang.    It's Shang.
看 李将军来了  Look, it's General Shang.
你们好啊 小战士们  Hello, little warriors.
新的军装挺合身的    你说军装 是啊  The new uniform suits you, General.    The uniform. Yes.
现在我不会辜负它了    那当然  Now I just have to live up to it.    Of course you will.
你那么勇敢    对对对 勇敢  You're very brave.    Right. Brave.
对了 木兰 虽然我跟你认识不算久  Yes, well, Mulan, I haven't known you for very long,
但我觉得这一点不影响我对你...  but I feel that doesn't matter so much when a man is in...
我对你的...  When a man is in...
能换个地方聊吗?  Is there someplace private we can talk?
到我家去吧  We can go to my house.
好了 孩子们 是时候该回家了  Okay, everybody, time to be like the river and flow home.
好吧    真是的  Okay.    Oh, no.
再见 李将军  Bye, Shang.
再见 李将军 再见 木兰    再见  Bye, Shang. Bye, Mulan.    See you.
你能帮我保管头盔吗?  Could you take care of this for me?
你别想拿回来了  You know, you're never gonna get that back.
她答应了  She said yes.
人在特别高兴的时候会喜极而泣的  When one's heart is overfilled with joy, some may spill from the eyes.
你能再说一遍  You can say that again.
因为我赌赢了  I win the pot.
事实上 你赌他会在日落前求婚  Actually, you bet he would propose before sundown.
我赌他会在中午前求婚  I bet he would propose before noon.
但你不赌博的  But, you don't gamble.
跟自家母亲打个赌算不上赌博  Betting against my mother is not a gamble.
只能算是种投资  It's an investment.
今天真是太高兴了  What a happy, happy day.
我的小宝贝就要结婚了  My little baby's getting married.
木须 别人会听见的    我只是忍不住  Mushu, someone will hear you.    I can't help it.
龙是很重感情的  You know dragons are very emotional.
咱俩拯救中国就像是上个月的事一样  It seems like just last month you and I were saving China.
就是在上个月啊    时光飞逝  It was last month.    How time flies.
小宝贝 这对你来说一定很神奇吧  You know, baby, this must be a magical moment for you.
我又不是每天都订婚  It's not every day I get engaged.
不是 我是说你告诉我这件事  No, I meant telling me you're engaged.
毕竟是我给你和帅哥牵的红线  After all, I'm the guy that gave you and Pretty Boy the hookup.
我是个守护神 还是守护神呢?  Am I a guardian or am I a guardian?
你远不止个守护神 木须  You're more than that, Mushu.
你是我最信任的朋友  You're my most trusted friend.
太感动了  That did it.
你又哭了吗?  Are you crying again?
不 我只是眼睛里进东西了  No, I just got some exfoliating cream in my eye.
我当然在哭了 姑娘 你觉得呢?  Of course I'm crying, girl. What you think?
哦 木兰 我真替自己感到高兴  Oh, Mulan. I'm just so happy for me.
替你?  You?
这场婚礼会令我的地位大大提升  This wedding business is a big status boost for me.
当列祖列宗追看我的丰功伟绩时  When those ancestors look up the career ladder,
他们只能望尘莫及  all they gonna see is my behind.
我结婚你受益 真不错 木须  So glad my getting married is helping you out, Mushu.
好吧 我懂了 小姐  All right, I get you, Miss Missy.
但我也在乎你啊  But, you know, I'm thinking about you too.
事实上 我要筹办你的婚礼  In fact, I'm gonna plan your wedding.
首先 我要想出一个好主题 这是头等大事  First, I gotta work me up a theme. You know, theme is everything.
来个"彩虹的回忆"好不好?  How about Rainbow of Memories?
算了 太幼稚了  No, that's too junior prom.
有了 主题就是粉红  I've got it. The theme is Thick Pink.
粉红是最新潮的红色 很简单 有很大胆  You know, pink is the new red, girl. It's simple, it says it.
你看好了  Now, watch my smoke.
小蟋蟀 跟我来  Cri  Kee, to the fabric store.
木兰?  Mulan?
看起来你外婆请了人来庆祝我们订婚  Seems your grandma invited someone to help us celebrate the engagement.
真的吗? 谁?  Really? Who?
大家都来了  China.
恭喜恭喜!  Congratulations!
这真是太棒了  Isn't it wonderful?
不好意思 有点草率  Sorry, it's sort of slapdash.
这一切真是太意外了  It took us by surprise, you know?
为新人开路  Make way for the happy couple.
这里现在是战场了  Now, this is a battlefield.
那我们有什么战术 将军大人?  What's our strategy, General?
先分散 再集合  Divide and conquer.
起床起床 死人们 我们有事情做了  All right, all right, all right, dead people, we've got work to do,
大家都打起精神  so let's move with purpose.
我要宣布一件大事  I've got an important announcement to make.
你们别激动啊 木兰要结婚啦!  Hold on to your ectoplasm, now. Mulan's getting married!
好了好了 大家冷静一下 我理解你们的心情  All right, all right, all right, simmer down. I know just how you feel.
但时间不能浪费了 让我们行动起来  But time is wasting, people, so let's move, move, move.
主题是粉红  The theme is pink.
我要看到粉红的花 粉红的缎带  I wanna see pink flowers, pink ribbons, pink bows.
不是鲑肉色 也不是你脸上那种  I'm not talking about salmon. Don't show me no blush.
我要的是婴儿身上粉嘟嘟的那种  I mean, pink as a freshly slapped newborn's behind.
解聘书可以吗?    你说啥?  How about a pink slip?    Excuse me?
没人想看你的内裤  Don't nobody wanna see your drawers.
她是认真的  Actually, she meant this.
嘿 这看着不像在开玩笑  Hey, this looks like a for  real pink slip.
还写着"卷铺盖走人"  You know, like a "you're fired" pink slip.
没错    什么?  It is.    Say what?
你被炒了  The pink slip is for you.
一旦有女人结婚 你就得滚蛋  It is written, once a woman marries,
守护神由她婆家的祖先来做  her husband's ancestors take over the duty of guardianship.
不对 肯定搞错了 这不可能  Oh, no, your scroll must have a typo. That can't be.
没错 你得滚蛋了    滚下宝座  But it is. You're out of a job.    Out of a pedestal.
从这里消失 傻瓜  And out of our hair, fool.
喔 别这样 我不要就这么走了  Oh, no, no, no. I ain't going out like this.
我花了500年才夺回宝座  It took me 500 years to get this pedestal back,
我是不会放弃的  and I ain't about to give it up.
给我听好了 你个小无赖  Hear me, you lazy lounge lizard.
花木兰一结婚 你就得滚回你的老行当  The moment Fa Mulan is married, you've got your old job back.
还记得你以前的职位吗?  Remember gong duty?
也许这样你就能想起来  Perhaps this will ring a bell.
木须要滚蛋啦!  Mushu's on his way out!
木须要滚蛋啦! 木须要滚蛋啦!  Mushu's on his way out! Mushu's on his way out!
我该怎么办?  What am I gonna do?
木须要滚蛋啦!  Mushu's on his way out!
告诉我 婚礼会不会很盛大?    一定会  So tell me, will it be a big wedding?    Absolutely.
不不不 绝对不会  Oh, no. Absolutely not.
要几个小孩?    越多越好  Children?    As many as possible.
大概一两个吧  Maybe one or two.
我们得过阵子    马上就要  We'll think about it.    Right away.
温和的蓝色    火辣的粉色  Blue. Mild.    Pink. Spicy.
是的    不会  Yes.    No.
亲爱的 你听到了吗?  Oh, dear. Did you hear that?
他们两个好像不怎么和睦 对吧?  Not exactly a harmonious couple, are they?
我们该怎么做?  What should we do?
也许我们该送点东西给他们了  Perhaps we should give our gift to the children now.
李将军 花木兰 圣旨到  General Shang, Fa Mulan. Orders from His Majesty the Emperor.
出事了吗?    是的 将军  Is there trouble?    Yes, sir.
请速回皇宫面圣  Report to the Imperial Palace.
马上出发  We'll leave at once.
陛下同时召见我们肯定是有要事  This must be pretty important for the Emperor to want both of us.
陛下知道我们是最佳搭档  He knows a winning team when he sees one.
他们什么时候成最佳搭档了?  Since when are they the winning team?
我那份解聘书上的墨都没干呢 继任都已经有了  The ink ain't even dry on my pink slip and I'm being replaced.
我知道 你说得对  Yeah, I know, you're right.
我怎么能这么自私?  How could I have been so selfish?
看看他们 多般配啊  Look at them. Those two clearly got it going on.
小蟋蟀 我决定了  Cri  Kee, I've made a decision.
我决定退位让贤  I gotta kiss my pedestal goodbye,
因为小宝贝的幸福才是首位  because my girl's happiness comes first.
爹 娘  Ba  ba. Ma  ma.
我们刚刚在赏牡丹花  We were just admiring the Mudan tree.
今年开得特别好  It's so lovely this year.
地上的花朵享受着阳光的温暖  The blossoms reach for the sunlight above,
地下的树根汲取着雨露的滋润  yet unseen, the roots reach for the rainwater below.
阳光 雨露 尽管有很大不同  Sun and rain, so different.
却相辅相成 创造了和谐的生命  Yet only by working together do they create harmony and life.
爹 我知道 阴阳结合嘛  I know, Ba  ba. The lesson of yin and yang.
为了让你们记住这个道理...  And to help you remember that lesson...
父亲 母亲 这可是你们的护身符  Father, Mother. Your necklaces.
不是我们的 是祖辈传给我们的  Not ours. Our great great grandparents.
现在是你们的了  And now, yours.
谢谢伯父  Thank you, sir.
好漂亮啊  They're so beautiful.
你会更惊讶于它们深重的含义  But you'll be surprised how heavily they can weigh.
相濡以沫 同甘共苦  To share the burden, you must work together.
就像阳光和雨露  Like the sun and rain.
等一下  Wait a minute.
花弧说得太对了  Old man Fa Zhou got a point now.
木兰和李翔就像阳光和雨露  Mulan and Shang are as different as sun and rain.
一旦失去了吸引力  And when the infatuation wears off,
他们的生活就会紧张 根基就会动摇的  their tree of life's gonna wind up with root rot.
是 她看起来是开心 那才叫战术  Yeah, sure she seems happy. That's the real tragedy here.
她甚至还没意识到以后会有多痛苦  The girl don't even realize how miserable she is.
这就是我要把它扼杀在摇篮里的原因  That's why I gotta nip this thing in the bud.
这跟我的地位无关  This is not about my pedestal.
木兰这是在犯大错 会关系到我的...  This is about Mulan making the biggest mistake of my...
呃 是她的一辈子  I mean, her life.
天 我怎么能这么自私呢?  Man, how could I have been so selfish?
木兰是个值得为之奋斗的好女孩  Mulan's a girl worth fighting for.
不过话说回来 我是她的守护神  And after all, I am the girl's guardian.
小蟋蟀 我要让他们分手  Cri  Kee, I'm gonna break them up.
那我就当你没意见咯  So I guess that means you're on board.
木兰 你能骑慢点吗?  Mulan, could you smooth out the ride a little bit?
我有点晕马  I'm getting horsesick.
木须 你在这干嘛?  Mushu. What are you doing here?
嘿 你走到哪儿 我就跟到哪儿  Hey, whither thou go, I goest, girl.
别忘了 咱俩是拍档 缺一不可  Remember, teamwork isn't about ego, it's about we go.
小蟋蟀 你怎么也来了?  Cri  Kee. What are you doing here?
替木兰防着我? 我是她的守护神  Protect Mulan from me? I'm her guardian.
好吧 幸运蟋蟀你赢了  Yeah, yeah, her lucky cricket.
你还真够幸运的 我没带杀虫剂  You're lucky I don't break out the bug spray.
就在这一刻  As we stand here,
蒙古大军正在接近我们的边境  Mongol forces are moving closer to our border.
随时都有可能会爆发战争  The threat of attack is growing every day.
如果战争真的爆发 我们的军队数量上与他们差很远  As it is, our army is hopelessly outnumbered.
陛下  Your Majesty,
容我带人去打他们个措手不及  let me lead my forces in a preemptive strike.
我的手下可以以一当十  Each of my warriors will fight like 10 Mongols.
不 将军  No, General.
我不打算跟他们硬碰硬  I plan to defeat this enemy without the use of force.
正相反 我将组建一个强力的同盟 让蒙古人不敢再进犯我们  Instead, we will forge a union so strong, the Mongol hordes won't dare attack.
与契骨国结盟  An alliance with the kingdom of Qui Gong.
通过和亲结成同盟  We will become united through marriage.
你要护送三位公主到契骨去  You will escort three princesses to Qui Gong.
她们将与契骨的王子们结婚...  There, they will marry Lord Chin's sons...
什么?    来确立同盟关系  What?    And seal this critical alliance.
遵命 陛下  Yes, Your Majesty.
我的大臣很明确地告诉我  My advisors tell me the charts are clear.
如果三天之内婚礼仍未举行  If this wedding does not take place in three days,
同盟就会崩溃 而蒙古人就会来踏平我们  the alliance will crumble and the Mongols will destroy us.
记住我的话 将军 只有三天  Mark my words, General, three days.
保证完成任务 陛下  Not a moment more, Your Majesty.
你那表情我明白 花木兰 想说什么?  I know that face, Fa Mulan. What troubles you?
陛下 一场政治婚姻?  Your Majesty, an arranged marriage?
放心吧 孩子  Rest assured, child,
我的女儿们知道她们的使命  my daughters know exactly what they are doing.
您的女儿?  Your daughters?
她们对为了和平而进行的婚姻感到骄傲  They consider it an honor to marry in the cause of peace.
陛下 我...  Your Majesty, I...
我接受你的致歉  Apology accepted.
将军 完成这个任务  General, how many troops do you estimate you will need
你需要多少人?  to accomplish this mission?
三个    三个连?  Three.    Three companies?
三个人    你令我吃惊 将军  Three men.    You surprise me, General.
这可是我的亲女儿  These are my children.
这个任务并不需要武力 是要靠机智  This mission does not call for force, but finesse.
这些人必须能够同心同德  We must become one with the countryside.
作为帝王 我相信你  As Emperor, I trust you.
作为一个父亲  As a father,
我希望你选人一定要慎之又慎  I implore you to choose your three soldiers wisely.
我已经有人选了 他们无畏  I know just the men. Fearless.
忠诚    遵纪  Loyal.    And disciplined.
他们是全中国最值得尊敬的勇士  China's most honorable and noble soldiers.
滚出去!  And stay out!
我给无数单身汉做过媒  I've found wives for hundreds of men.
就你们三个提的这种条件  But the Golden Dragon of Unity himself
就算月老亲自来也别想找到对象  couldn't make love matches for you three.
从哪来的滚回哪去吧  Come back when you get personalities.
哼 你竟然如此对待我国最伟大的...  Well, that's a fine way to treat China's greatest...
英雄们  heroes.
她怎么能这样?  What's her problem?
我只不过需要一个膜拜我走过的每寸土地的姑娘  All I asked for was a girl who would worship the dirt I walk on.
我只是想要一个肯为我做饭的姑娘  I simply asked for someone who would cook for me
早饭 午饭 晚饭  morning, noon and night.
我只想找个爱笑的  And I just wanted a girl who likes to laugh.
把我当神崇拜的姑娘  And thinks I'm a God.
大概我们没说清楚吧  Perhaps we weren't specific enough.
忘了那个媒婆吧  Forget that dragon lady.
找对象这种事情还得靠自己  The only ones who can find girls worthy of us is us.
就是  Yeah.
# 哼 才不要听她罗罗嗦嗦 #  # Well, l don't need her To be all smug and snooty #
# 我有金牌是因为我把敌人揍得哆哆嗦嗦 #  # I got a plaque right here That says I kicked Hun booty #
# 凯旋归来 #  # We have everything We dreamed we'd find #
# 美梦都已成真 #  # When we came back from war #
# 基本成真 除了 #  # Yeah, everything but #
# 还是没人爱 #  # A girl worth fighting for #
# 嘿 拿出胆量来 #  # Hey, suck in your gut. #
# 瞧那可爱的姑娘 #  # There's a girl worth fighting for #
# 她正期望我们走过去 #  # And I think she wants us to come over. #
# 我的姑娘爱听我讲的笑话 #  # My girl will laugh at all my jokes #
# 坦率又真诚 #  # But tell it to me straight #
# 她会轻柔按摩我的额头 #  # She'll rub my head when I get sick #
# 喜欢我把盘子里的东西吃光 #  # And let me pick off of her plate #
# 如果有姑娘喜欢林的的筷子戏法 #  # If Ling can find a girl Who likes his chopstick nose trick #
# 他会立即向她求婚 #  # Oh, he really better just propose quick #
# 今天这经历让我觉得自己其实是怪咖 #  # Well, l have to say Based on today I'm cranky #
# 今生还是只与你俩相伴 #  # I'll just spend my life with you two #
# 手绢拿来 #  # Pass the hanky #
# 你们这种狐朋狗友 #  # And there's no one there to steal my chair #
# 又怎能容忍 #  # And twirl around the floor #
# 希望我有自己心爱的姑娘 #  # Wish that I had A girl worth fighting for #
# 我愿意吐露心迹 对着我的 #  # I would be true To a girl worth fighting #
# 我愿意美味共享 为了我的 #  # I'd make fondue For a girl worth fighting #
# 我愿意吻你 只要我能有 #  # I'd even kiss you For a girl worth fighting #
# 爱人 #  # For #
木兰 李将军  Mulan. General Shang.
如果你们能从胡闹中抽出身来的话  If you three aren't too busy disturbing the peace,
我和木兰想邀请你们去完成一个任务  I need you to join Mulan and me on a mission.
保卫祖国?    那当然  To save China?    Naturally.
虽然这会让仰慕我的姑娘们伤心 我要加入  I'll be leaving behind a few broken hearts, but count me in.
还有我    将军 什么时候出发?  Sign me up.    When do we start, General?
今晚  Tonight.
我们准备出发了 各位殿下  We're about to depart, Your Highnesses.
我保证会舒适安全地把你们送达目的地  You have my word we will arrive swiftly and safely.
我代表姐妹们感谢你 李将军  My sisters and I thank you, General Shang.
请允许我向你们介绍花木兰  Permit me to introduce Fa Mulan.
很荣幸能见到一位巾帼英雄  It is a privilege to meet the hero of China.
一路上由她来照顾你们  I leave you in her capable hands.
做好准备  Stand ready.
你们也许需要这个 有点冷    谢谢你 花木兰  You might need these. It's a little chilly.    Thank you, Fa Mulan.
别客气 殿下  You're welcome, Your Highness.
嗯 你们这就要嫁人啦?    是的  So, you're getting married?    Oh, yes.
嫁给契骨的王子    没错  To princes in Qui Gong.    That's right.
那他们应该都很帅吧  Well, they must be handsome.
不知道 我们没见过他们  We don't know. We've never met them.
真的?  Really?
那你们对他们完全一无所知啊  So you have no idea what they're like at all.
没关系的 花木兰  It's all right, Fa Mulan.
能为国家尽我们的义务是一种骄傲  It's our honor to serve the Emperor.
也为了中土的人民  And the Middle Kingdom.
我们很激动  The whole thing is so exciting.
我们真的很高兴能这么做  We're very happy, really.
哦 你们真伟大 如果是我恐怕...  Well, I'm glad to hear that. I'm not sure I could go through with some...
木兰 准备出发啦  Mulan, prepare to move out.
该走啦  Time to get going.
出发  Move out.
如果明天中午我们能到鸿树关...  If we get to the Honshu pass by midday tomorrow...
那就可以按时抵达契骨国  We'll have just enough time to make it to Qui Gong.
没错 那就可以按计划阻止木兰  Yeah, just enough time to stop Mulan
毁了我的一辈...  from making the biggest mistake of my...
我是说 她的一辈子  I mean, her life.
你这是什么表情?  What's the face?
什么表情?    就这个表情  What face?    That face.
没什么表情啊 我就这个表情 没什么的  There's no face. This is my face, that's all.
木兰 我很了解你  You know I know you better than that, Mulan.
怎么了?  What's wrong?
我知道我们的职责是完成任务...    可是...  I realize our duty is to the mission...    But...
可是我心里觉得 不应该是这样的  But I have another duty. To my heart.
木兰 我们的职责就是保卫帝国  Mulan, your only duty is to the Emperor.
但是 翔 这种政治婚姻对吗?  But, Shang, an arranged marriage?
我知道 不是谁都能像我俩这么幸运的  I know, but not everyone can be as lucky as we are.
在理想的世界中 人们因爱而结合  In an ideal world, everyone would marry for love.
但是世界并不那么完美  But the world isn't perfect.
我很庆幸我们的世界还算理想  I'm just glad my world is.
"我们的世界" 听听这自私的口气  "My world." Talk about selfish.
你从没听过我的世界怎么样吧  You know, you don't hear me bragging about how it's my world,
我的世界那才叫理想呢  even though it pretty much is.
跟你说 小蟋蟀  I'm telling you, Cri  Kee,
只有他们俩尽快分手 对木兰才是好的  the sooner I bust them apart, the better things will be for Mulan.
然后我就说 你打碎了我最好的瓷器  And so I said, you just broke my best set of china.
瓷器(中国) 听出来没有?  China. Get it?
你看到她看我的眼神了吗?  Did you see the way she looked at me?
嫌弃的眼神吗?  You mean with disgust?
不是  No.
我们四目相投 刹那永恒  Our eyes met and we shared a cosmic moment.
就像我看着一盆肘子时的眼神一样吧  Just like when I look at potted pig's knuckles.
这是爱情 我跟你们说  It's love, I tell you.
爱情  Love.
爱情还是欲望  Love, shmove.
都没有意义 我们在执行任务  It doesn't matter, we're on a mission.
别打公主的主意  No fraternizing with the princesses.
还是已经有了婚约的公主  Engaged  to  be  married princesses.
噢 好吧  Oh, yeah.
真是幅员辽阔 梅 看这多美啊  China is so big. Isn't it beautiful, Mei?
梅?  Mei?
是呀 很美  Yes, beautiful.
你们看到他看我的眼神了吗?  Did you see the way he looked at me?
谁 那个肿着一只眼的大猩猩?  Who, the gorilla with the bad eye?
大猩猩? 我觉得更像一只可爱的大熊猫  Gorilla? He's more like a big cuddly panda bear.
你们都没说过话啊    心有灵犀吧  But you didn't even talk to him.    A true romantic can tell.
外表看来他有点俗 可是他的内心...  He may be coarse on the outside, but on the inside...
粗鲁?    我是说更深层一点  He's gross?    I mean, under that.
臭哄哄?  He smells?
那也只是表面现象  I can see past my nose.
深层 深层 透过现象看本质 本质  Deep down, deep, deep down, way down, there's something.
婷婷 她爱上他了  Ting Ting, I think she's in love.
哦 不 不可以  Oh, no. There will be none of that.
梅 三天以内你就要嫁人了  Remember, Mei, you are to be married in three days.
你发过誓的  You gave your solemn oath.
你说得对  You're right.
我们需要停下饮马 公主殿下  We're stopping to water the horses, Your Highnesses.
你们愿意下来舒展一下双腿吗?  Maybe you'd like to stretch your legs?
那几个护卫在外面吗?  Are the guard fellows out there?
是的 安全方面可以放心  Yes. You're perfectly safe.
那我真需要舒展一下  I think a leg stretch would be very nice.
多谢你帮我捡起了鞋子  Thank you for helping me with my slipper.
可以告诉你的名字吗?  May I know your name?
哇 刀 烤 包子?  Now. Dow. Cow. Bao?
不了 你应该吃点  No, you must eat.
日夜不休的护卫工作一定很辛苦  It must be exhausting guarding us day and night.
不 呃 是呀 不过我很强壮 没有问题的  Oh, no. Well, yes, but I'm strong, and marching.
是呀 毕竟你们经过严格的军事训练嘛  Yes, I suppose all that training does make it second nature.
不过我觉得你 皇家的一位公主 ...  But I think, you, a princess, with royal...
我没想到...  I could never...
但这是我们的职责和荣耀  But it is our duty, and our honor.
虽然也是一种负担  Although it can be a burden.
我说得太多了  I've said too much.
跟你聊天很轻松 姚  You are very easy to talk to, Yao.
请让我赞美您 公主殿下  Permit me to echo your praise, Your Highness.
我觉得您的仪态和修辞是如此的炫目悦耳  I find your presence engaging and your conversation sparkling.
谢谢  Thank you.
嗨 你好啊 我是林  Well, hello there. I am Ling.
我是婷婷公主  I am Princess Ting Ting.
当你需要我帮忙 叮铃铃摇铃铛就行了  Well, if you ever need me, just give me a ting  a  ling.
来嘛 公主殿下  Come on, Your Highness.
你不想让你的护卫失望吧  You don't wanna let your guard down.
听出来没? 别那么有戒心?  Get it? Guard? Down?
谢谢  Thank you.
知道吗 我也有皇族血统的  You know, I've got some blue blood myself.
因为他们管我叫废话之皇  Many have called me a royal pain.
谢谢  Thank you.
配合笑一下嘛  You've been a great crowd.
婷婷 瞧 这些水果新鲜吧?  Ting Ting, look, isn't this fruit lovely?
金宝帮我摘的 他真有绅士风度  Chien  Po got it for me. He's so sweet.
行啦 把你的水果赶紧放回车里吧  Just get your pomegranates in the carriage.
花木兰?  Fa Mulan?
公主殿下 有什么事吗?  Your Highness. Is anything wrong?
没有 没事  No, no, not at all.
真的?  Are you sure?
我想说 你真了不起  I just wanted to compliment you.
你能替父从军真的很勇敢  You were so brave to take your father's place in the army.
哦 谢谢  Well, thank you.
你的义务应该是待字闺中  Your duty was to stay home,
但是你的心灵却让你打破规则  but your heart told you to break the rules.
那么你是怎么在义务和心灵两个中间作出选择的呢?  How did you decide between duty and heart?
哦 那可不容易  Well, it wasn't easy.
但是 跟着感觉走 我只做正确的事  But, by following my feelings, I wound up doing the right thing.
我认识到听从心灵的指引也是我的义务  I guess I learned that my duty is to my heart.
"追随自己的内心"  "My duty is to my heart."
是啊 有道理 真了不起  Yes, that makes sense. That's marvelous.
谢谢你 花木兰 谢谢  Thank you, Fa Mulan. Thank you.
不用客气吧  You're welcome, I guess.
继续上路吧  Let's get back on the road.
我的机会来了 "毁翔计划"启动  That's my cue to put Operation Shang into action.
帅小伙一塌糊涂 美木兰落荒而逃  Pretty Boy's gonna look so bad, it will send Mulan running for the hills.
肯定精彩非凡  This is gonna be delicious.
瞧我的  Watch this.
嘿 怎么?  Hey. What?
嘿  Hey.
真厉害啊 翔  Good catch, Shang.
翔?  Shang?
哎  Hey.
真好吃  Tasty.
我屡败屡战  I try and I try.
我全心全意要拆散她俩  I put my heart and soul into busting them up.
可我得到什么了?  And what do I have to show for it?
一只蟋蟀都可以笑话我  A cricket laughs in my face.
我坚持不下去了  I just can't do it anymore.
伟大的祖先啊 请求你的怜悯  Great ancestors, I throw myself at your mercy.
我那柱子上的宝座最终还是一场泡影  My pedestal is all but a distant memory.
伟大的精灵 带我走吧  Great Spirits, take me now.
坚持住 公主  Hold on, ladies.
救命! 我会保护你的  Help! We'll save you.
小心 前面是悬崖!  Look out, a cliff!
他们直冲悬崖去了  They're headed for the cliff.
快追  Come on.
要离开马车了 公主    婷婷 这边  Time to go, ladies.    Ting Ting, over here.
你先走  Go.
你是下一个    不 不 不  You're next.    No, no, no.
空中接力    抓住我的胳膊  Alley  oop.    Take my arm.
林    婷婷的脚被卡住了  Ling.    Ting Ting's stuck.
木兰 接住绳子  Mulan, the rope.
坚持住  Hang on.
大家都没事吧?    梅 我会保护你的  Is everyone all right?    Mei, I'll save you.
我保住了水果  I saved the food.
我保住了你  And I saved you.
木兰  Mulan.
怎么了?    我没在车附近  What happened?    I don't know, I wasn't near the carriage.
姚 林 保护行李  Yao, Ling. Save the supplies.
继续蹬水 你做得很好  Keep paddling. Look how great you're doing.
谁救了谁呀?    谢谢  Who's the big boy?    Thank you.
我的错?  My fault?
这不是我的计划  This wasn't my plan.
马车坏了 饥寒交迫 一切都被毁了  Wagon's busted, cold and miserable, everything's ruined.
也许不是  Or maybe not.
老翔现在正火冒三丈呢  Old Shang's steaming like a fresh pork bun.
我打赌 说不了两句他俩就会  I bet he and Mulan are two nasty words away
开始吵架了  from an all  out feud.
小蟋蟀 事情终于柳暗花明了  Oh, Cri  Kee, things are brightening up after all.
公主们好像不太开心    这不是什么大问题  I've seen happier princesses.    That's the least of our problems.
从这儿到契骨国有一条山路  There's a mountain pass between here and Qui Gong.
那里有强盗出没 但只有这一条路可走了  It takes us through bandit country, but it's the only way.
为什么不沿着河走?  Why not just follow the river?
因为地图上没有河    这条河肯定会流经村庄  Because the river is not on the map.    It's bound to go past a town.
而有村庄的地方就一定会有路  And where there's a town, there's a road.
地图上也没有村庄  There's no town on the map.
那么 也许我们应该抛开地图 跟着直觉走  Well, then maybe we should just forget the map and wing it.
我们不能"跟着直觉走" 我们要制定新计划  We can't "wing it." We need a new plan.
只有三天的时间 万一我们迷路了怎么办?  We have three days. What if we get lost?
那我们就停下来问问路  Then we pull over and ask directions.
我们用不着停下来问路 我们有地图  We don't need to pull over and ask directions. We have a map.
男人为什么就不能问问路呢?  What is it with men and asking directions?
女人难道都和地图有仇吗?  What is it with women and maps?
你是在说女人不会看地图?  You're saying women can't read maps?
我是说女人只会问路  I'm saying that women will ask directions,
但是她们根本找不到方向  but they won't follow directions.
男人知道方向 所以他们不用...  Men follow directions, so they don't need...
将军 我...  General, I...
我打扰到你们了吗?  Am I interrupting?
怎么了 姚?    报告将军  What is it, Yao?    Scout report.
我发现了一个村庄和通向那里的林间小路  I've found a village and a path to it through the forest.
林间小路?  A forest path?
太好了 带路吧  Great. Show us.
看见了吗? 那条河流就像是一条蛇  See? If it were a snake, it would have bit you.
那里一定会有通往契骨国的路  There's bound to be a road down there that will lead us to Qui Gong.
干得不错 姚    多谢将军  Good work, Yao.    Thank you, sir.
翔 对不起  Shang, I'm sorry.
你是这次任务的负责人  You're in charge of the mission.
不 我才是应该说对不起的人  No, I'm the one who's sorry.
好的领导应该善于接受新的想法  A good leader is open to new ideas.
原谅我了吗?  Forgive me?
本来也没有什么可怪你的  There's nothing to forgive.
我得先走了 我站第一班岗 将军  I'd better go. I've got the first watch, General.
可是...  But...
你听见了吗? 看 她走了  Are you bugging? Look at her go.
她迫不及待想要离开他了  She can't wait to get away from him.
那不是微笑 那是痛苦的面具  That's no smile, that's a mask of pain.
对啊 其实这只是我十八计中的第一计  Yeah, well, that was just phase one of my new 18  phase master plan.
现在 见识见识我的第二计  Now, just watch phase two when I get up close
我要亲自出马  and personal.
打扰一下 公主殿下 我找到了您的扇子  Excuse me, Your Highness, I found your fan.
只是还需要烘干  It just needed a little drying out.
谢谢你 林  Thank you, Ling.
一般情况下 我会说我是您忠实的追随者  Normally, I would say I'm your biggest fan,
不过 我现在还是再一次  but, I'll just go away now.
走开为好  Again.
对不起  Sorry.
我会去换一锅的  I'll replace that.
她当然不喜欢你 你就是个随叫随到的仆人  Of course she doesn't like you. You're just such a ding  a  ling.
他喜欢你  He likes you.
看起来是这样  It would seem so.
你也喜欢他  And you like him.
呃 我很欣赏他 他是一个优秀的士兵  Well, I appreciate that he's a good soldier.
你怎么能这样?  How can you do that?
你怎么能看着一个人  How can you look right at someone,
意识到你们之间有不寻常的感情 但是却...  realize you share a special connection, and then just...
我知道我的责任是什么 梅  I know where my duty lies, Mei.
你知道吗?  Do you?
"因此 亲爱的父皇 我不能完成这项任务了"  "And so, my dear father, I cannot complete this mission."
"我终于意识到 我应该追随自己的内心"  "I have come to realize that my duty is to my heart."
你在干什么?  What are you doing?
她要逃跑    梅 你在想什么呢?  She's running away.    Mei, what are you thinking?
我不能完成这项任务了  I can't complete this mission.
我现在明白了  I know that now.
为什么 就因为姚对你一见倾心?  Why, because Yao has given you his heart?
不 这和他的感情无关  No, it's not about his heart.
是我的原因  It's about mine.
梅 我们讨论过的  Mei, we've discussed this.
一位公主必须为她的国家付出一切  A princess must make every sacrifice for her country.
这是我们的责任  It's our duty.
# 公主的命运 #  # The life of a princess #
# 从出生时便已注定 #  # From her birth is well  defined #
# 她必须为国献身 #  # She must humbly serve her country #
# 完成她被赋予的使命 #  # Play the part she's been assigned #
# 她为子民带来希望 #  # She guards the hopes of her people #
# 无论贫富 无论强弱 #  # Weak and mighty, rich and poor #
# 谁还能要求得到更多? #  # Who could ever ask for more? #
# 谁还能要求得到 #  # Who could ever ask for #
# 更多? #  # More? #
# 我想和其他女孩一样 #  # I wanna be like other girls #
# 像其他女孩那样爬到树上 #  # Climb up a tree like other girls can #
# 就像其他女孩那样尽享自由时光 #  # Just to be free like other girls get to be #
梅 苏  Mei. Su.
# 坐下的时候懒洋洋 #  # To slouch when I sit #
# 把整个蛋糕吃光光 #  # To eat a whole cake #
# 光脚晒太阳暖洋洋 #  # Feel the sun on my feet #
# 脏兮兮 傻呆呆 #  # Get dirty. Act silly #
# 做自己想做的事情 #  # Be anything l want to be #
# 只穿着内衣 尽情地舞蹈 #  # Dance around. In my underwear #
# 飞快地奔跑 #  # To run really fast #
# 把这扇子扔掉 #  # To get rid of this fan #
# 把整个蛋糕吃光光 玩到疯狂 #  # To eat a whole cake. Get crazy #
# 只有糖霜 没有护卫 #  # With frosting. No escorts #
# 无法无天 没有婢女 #  # No manners. No nursemaids #
# 无忧无虑 无须如手捧鲜花般 #  # No worries, no hands folded perfect #
# 有所顾忌 #  # Like holding a lily #
# 不用裹足? #  # No pinchy shoes? #
# 我想和其他女孩一样 #  # I wanna be like other girls #
# 像其他女孩一样不怕膝盖受伤 #  # Scrape up my knee like other girls can #
# 像其他女孩一样尽享 #  # Just to be free Like other girls #
# 自由时光 #  # Get to be #
# 畅所欲言 #  # To speak for myself #
# 放声歌唱 #  # To sing way off key #
# 嫁给遇到的 #  # Marry someone I've met #
# 如意君郎 #  # Who loves me for me #
# 没有护卫 无法无天 没有婢女 无忧无虑 #  # No escorts, no manners No nursemaids, no worries #
# 无须如手捧鲜花般 #  # No hands folded perfect #
# 有所顾忌 #  # Like holding a lily #
# 不用裹足 #  # No pinchy shoes #
# 我想和其他女孩一样 #  # I wanna be like other girls #
# 像其他女孩一样爬到树上 #  # Climb up a tree like other girls can #
# 像其他女孩一样尽享 #  # Just to be free like other girls #
# 自由时光 #  # Get to be #
她蔑视你  She defied you.
她羞辱你  She insulted you.
老兄 她嘲笑你的地图    我的地图  Man, she laughed at your map.    My map.
而如果她在你面前都会嘲笑你  And if she's laughing to your face,
想象一下她在背后会怎么说你吧  imagine what she's saying behind your back.
背着我  Back.
她为所欲为  She's a loose cannon.
她不听你的指挥    她不听指挥  She's out of control.    She's out of control.
我是说 这里谁说了算? 是你吗?  I mean, who's in charge here? You?
我说了算 我说了算    还是木兰? 木兰  I'm in charge, I'm in charge.    Or Mulan? Mulan.
是木兰    木兰  Mulan.    Mulan.
木兰!  Mulan!
李将军? 不是这样的  General Shang? That's not it.
李将军?  General Shang?
嗨 是我 木兰  Hello, it's me, Mulan.
李将军  General Shang.
翔 不对 翔 李翔  Shang, Shang, Shang.
就是这样  I got it.
李将军?  General Shang?
他们应该这样称呼他 固执将军  General Hardhead, that's what they should call him.
所有的事都要有计划    木兰?  Everything's got to have a strategy.    Mulan?
那个人连刷牙都要有一个备用计划  The man won't brush his teeth without a backup plan.
什么?    都怪我自己  What?    I blame myself.
我被他那宽厚的肩膀所迷倒  I fell for those broad shoulders.
却不知道那上面没有什么可依靠的  I didn't realize there wasn't much sitting on top of them.
除了大蒜味  Except for that garlic breath.
他肯定会跑去吵架的  That boy can peel paint.
够了 她在哪里?  That's enough. Where is she?
我太棒了  I am good.
木兰    晚上好 将军  Mulan.    Why, hello, General.
出来巡夜吗?  Out on night maneuvers?
顽固将军? 要刷牙?  General Hardhead? Brushing my teeth?
出什么问题了吗?    我都听见了 木兰 听得清清楚楚  Is something wrong?    I heard you, Mulan. Every word.
什么清清楚楚?  Every word of what?
别装了 我看见你在我帐篷外面了  Don't play coy. I saw you outside my tent.
什么? 我从没离开过这里  What? I haven't left my post.
那我猜你也没有和公主们偷偷地说我的坏话了?  And I suppose you weren't gossiping about me with the princesses?
李翔 掉进河里之后 你的脑子是不是也进水了?  Shang, did that dip in the river get you waterlogged?
还有 你为什么捂着嘴和我说话?  And why are you talking with your hand over your mouth?
我不想揭你的底  I wouldn't want to peel your paint.
换岗了  Changing of the guard.
下次 不许擅离职守  And next time, don't leave your post.
他是怎么回事?  What's with him?
她是怎么回事?  What's with her?
我在跟谁说话呢?  Who am I talking to?
他怎么可以不相信我?  How could he not believe me?
我也不知道 宝贝  I don't know, girlfriend.
不过我知道 没有信任就谈不上爱情  But I do know this. Without trust, there can be no relationship.
而那个男人并不信任你  And that man don't trust you.
也许他只是有点烦了  Maybe he was just confused.
拜托 一开始 你们为包办婚姻争论不休  Please. First, you fussed about the arranged marriage.
后来又因为去契骨国的路吵个不停  Then you fought about which way to Qui Gong.
现在 很明显 你们的意见从来都不能统一  Now, you all feuding over nothing. It seems pretty clear to me.
你说得对  You're right.
木兰 我不知道该怎么办了    我知道 很简单  Mushu, I don't know what to do.    I do. It's simple.
把他当做烫手的锅贴那样扔掉 别再想他了  Drop that boy like a hot pot sticker. Kick him to the curb.
烧掉他给你写的信 围着火炉跳舞 高喊  Burn his letters and dance around the fire yelling,
"快乐的日子又回来了"  "Happy days are here again."
你确实说对了一点  You know, you have a point.
如果这就是真正的李翔 我并不喜欢这样的他  If this is the real Li Shang, I don't like what I'm seeing.
但愿茶还是热的  I hope the tea is still warm.
你先去    不 你先去  After you.    No, after you.
不 你先过去    你去  No, after you.    After you.
我让你先去  I said, after you.
你 我要...  You, I'm gonna...
姚  Yao.
有什么事吗?  Is everything all right?
没有  No.
我是说 有事  I mean, yes.
是这样的 金宝一直以来都有一个梦想  You see, Chien Po here has always had a dream.
一个梦想?    梦想?  A dream?    A dream?
一个梦想    可我没有...  A dream.    But I don't...
哦 是那个梦想  That dream.
他梦想着在月光下欣赏  A dream of seeing a small village in the middle of nowhere
某个小村庄的美景  by the moonlight.
我们能帮上忙吗?  How can we help?
如果公主殿下同意和我们一起去村庄里的话  Well, if Your Highnesses would consent to come with us to the village,
我们就既可以保护你们 又可以让金宝完成他的梦想  we could still guard you, and Chien Po could have his dream.
一个像其他人一样的机会  My one chance to be like other guys.
我们能去吗? 能去吗?    可以吗 拜托了?  Can we? Can we?    Can we, please?
拜托了 走吧    婷婷 求你了  Please, come on.    Ting Ting, please.
听起来会很有趣  Sounds like fun.
万岁! 万岁!  Hurray! Hurray!
对不起  We're sorry.
我们出发吧  We're off.
我从没注意到我们有这么多不同  I never noticed we were so different.
就好像是我从没有真正认识过他  It's like I don't even know him.
那你都知道什么?  Well, what do you know about that?
我知道他一向循规蹈矩 但是难道他从不会变通吗?  I mean, I know he's by the book, but doesn't the man ever bend a rule?
而说到变通...  And speaking of bending rules...
一切都平静无事的时候感情才会顺利  You know, relationships are easy when everything runs nice and smooth.
但是...    木兰  But...    Mulan.
平静无事地跑出了营地    什么?  Nice and smooth just ran out of camp.    What?
你知不知道杏仁 米饭和牛奶只是一份完整早餐的一部分?  Did you know that almonds, rice and milk are part of a complete breakfast?
别闹了 木须  Mushu.
我只是想告诉你公主们偷偷跑出去了  I'm just trying to tell you the princesses went AWOL, that's all.
护卫在哪里?    为她们带路  Where are the guards?    Showing them the way.
他们在一起?  They're together?
"在一起"那样的在一起?    你听不懂中文吗?  "Together" together?    Don't you understand Chinese?
嘿 李将军那边怎么办?  Hey, what about old Shang hai?
我想我最好自己来解决这件事  I think I better handle this one on my own.
实际上 最近李翔的脾气有些暴躁  Shang's on a short fuse as it is.
你只要确保不吵醒他就好  Just make sure nothing wakes him up.
包在我身上  You can count on me.
护卫在哪里?  Where are the guards?
还有公主们  The princesses.
"我应该追随自己的内心"?  "My duty is to my heart"?
木兰  Mulan.
拿好票 小蟋蟀  Get your ticket, Cricket.
这下有好戏看了  The show's about to begin.
看那些吃的  Look at all the food.
我们刚进了一批上好的生姜  We just got in some excellent ginger.
生姜  Ginger.
和饺子一起吃肯定很棒  That goes very well with dumplings.
你是说饺子吗?  Did you say dumplings?
来点新鲜的人参怎么样?  How about some fresh ginseng?
那要和黄豆一起吃才好  That makes a wonderful accompaniment to soy beans.
你要的黄豆来了  One order of soy beans.
他完了    你才完了  He's done.    You're done.
天啊  Oh, my.
谁还想挑战无敌的史荣凯?  Who will be next to challenge the undefeated Shi Rongkai?
让一下    姚  Step aside.    Yao.
哦 不    你会送命的 小不点  Oh, no.    You'll be killed, little man.
把他扔到哪里呢?  So where does he go?
姚 你是我的英雄  Yao, you're my hero.
这个小不点就像一只小小的猩猩  Little, like a little gorilla.
挑一个礼物吧 哪个都行  Pick a prize, any prize.
先生 您想要哪个?  Which one do you want, sir?
把那个给我  Give me that one.
好吧 好吧  Okay, okay.
好吧 你看这个怎么样?  Okay, okay, how about this one?
匈奴大帝走进门的时候会说什么?  What does Attila say when he walks through the door?
野蛮人 我回家了  Hun, I'm home.
我放弃了  I give up.
我想我没有我自认为的那么幽默  I guess I'm not as funny as I think.
好可爱的笑声    不 我讨厌自己的笑声  What a cute laugh.    Oh, no. I hate my laugh.
什么? 很可爱啊  What? It's adorable.
我还以为你一点幽默感都没有  I thought you didn't have a sense of humor.
没有幽默感?  No sense of humor?
这太美了  It's so beautiful.
是啊  Yeah.
这和我们在宫里看到的是同一个月亮  It's the same moon we see from the palace.
不 这一个完全不一样  No, this one is entirely different.
你说得对  You're right.
我想我从来没见过这样的月亮  I know I've never seen anything like it.
木兰  Mulan.
我一直在听    我们...  I'm listening.    We...
那个...    我们都...  That is...    All of us...
完了    花木兰 这是爱情  Oh, boy.    Fa Mulan, it's love.
姚和我 金宝和苏...  Yao and myself, Chien Po and Su...
还有我和林小熊  And myself and Lingy Bear.
我是说 和林  I mean, Ling.
来个拥抱吧  Group hug.
我真为你们大家高兴  I'm so happy for all of you.
李将军  General Shang.
李将军    这回完了  General Shang.    Oh, boy.
借过 借过  Excuse me, excuse me, excuse me.
别担心 我来处理  Don't worry. I'll handle this.
抱歉打搅你们的聚会了  I'm so sorry to break up your little party.
接下来有好戏了  This is gonna be good.
李翔 在你过早下结论之前  Shang, before you jump to conclusions,
请容我解释情况  let me explain the situation.
好啊 何不先解释一下这个呢?  Fine. Why don't we start with this?
那是我写的    就你自己吗?  That's mine.     All yours?
没有人帮你吗?  Or did you have help?
"因此 亲爱的父皇 我不能完成这项任务了"  "And so, my dear father, I cannot complete this mission."
"我终于意识到 我应该追随自己的内心"  "I have come to realize that my duty is to my heart."
这听起来像谁的话?    梅没想把信寄出去  Now, who does that sound like?    Mei never meant to send that letter.
殿下 你们曾立下誓言去契骨国成婚  Your Highnesses, you swore a vow to be married in Qui Gong.
如果你父亲看到你们现在违背誓言  If your father saw you now breaking that vow,
他会怎么办?  what would he say?
你们三个立刻护送公主殿下  You three are to escort Their Highnesses
回她们的帐篷  back to their tents immediately.
保护公主 不许进入她们的帐篷  You are to guard them. You are not to enter their tents.
不许和她们交谈  You are not to speak to them.
一个字都不能说 明白吗?  Not a word, ever. Am I understood?
明白  Yes, sir.
翔 问题没有你想的那么严重  Shang, the problem isn't as bad as it seems.
木兰 现在的问题是你    什么?  The problem, Mulan, is you.    What?
你一意孤行 处理事情总带着个人感情  You place your own feelings above everything.
责任 义务 传统你都不在乎  Duty, obligation, tradition, it all means nothing to you.
我在乎的不能再在乎了  It means everything to me.
我的内心告我该怎么做 我遵守我的内心  My heart tells me my duty, and I follow it.
翔 你是个了不起的战士  You're a brilliant warrior, Shang.
你勇敢 忠诚 但是你不相信你的内心  You're brave, you're loyal, but you don't trust your heart.
有时候我想知道你是否还有心  Sometimes I wonder if you even have one.
这次任务让我清楚地明白  This assignment has made it clear.
我们两个是不一样的人  We are very different people.
太不一样了  Maybe too different.
好吧  Fine.
我们还有任务要完成  We have a mission to complete.
就这样吧  Fine.
天气好好啊?  Isn't it a great day?
我看见帅小伙没和你说话  I see Pretty Boy isn't talking to you.
而且你也没和帅小伙说话  And you're not talking to Pretty Boy.
但是你可以随时找我说话  Well, you know you can always talk to me.
等到她知道了我为她做过什么  Well, just wait till she realizes what I've done for her.
她就会笑逐颜开了  Will that frown turn upside down.
你说我是阴险龙?  Snapdragon?
就为了这个 我不和你说话了  Just for that, I'm not talking to you.
花木兰 我们对于所做的一切感到抱歉  We're so sorry for what we've done, Fa Mulan.
你鼓励我们遵从内心  You inspired us to follow our hearts.
我们却害你们俩分道扬镳  And we repay you by ruining your relationship.
不 你让我清楚认识到事情多么糟糕  No, you just opened my eyes to how broken it was.
我很感谢你 梅  I'm indebted to you, Mei.
提高警惕 此地贼匪丛生  Keep a sharp eye. This is bandit country.
姚 我很想和公主说会话  I sure wish we could talk to the princesses, Yao.
什么? 你知道这是不允许的  What? You know we can't.
是啊 林 我也想和她们说会话  Yes, Ling, I also wish we could talk to them.
但是你知道 军令如山  But as you know, orders is orders.
是啊 但是如果我能和她们说话 你知道我会和她们说什么吗?  Yes, but if I could talk to them, do you know what I would say?
不知道 林 你会说什么?  No, Ling. What would you say if only you could?
我会告诉婷婷 她是我见过最漂亮 最风趣  I'd tell Ting Ting that she's the prettiest, funniest,
最与众不同的女孩  most extraordinary girl I've ever met.
我会告诉苏公主  I would tell Princess Su
她是我生命夜空中最闪亮的那颗星  that she is like fresh ginger on the rice bowl of my life.
我会告诉梅 她就是我的另一半  And I would tell Mei that she's one right babe.
木兰 来提提神吧?  Mulan, what do you say to a little pick  me  up?
我父亲说不同会使你变得更强  My father said differences can make you stronger.
他却不知道李翔和我过于不同了  He didn't realize that Shang and I are just too different.
你一直有我啊  Well, you know you always got me.
老搭档从没离开 对吗?  The old team, right?
木须 你总是那么照顾我  You're always looking out for me, Mushu.
只是尽力而为了  Well, just doing the best I can.
说真的 没有你 我真不知道该怎么办  Really, I just don't know what I'd do without you.
你是我最好的朋友  You're the best friend I've ever had.
我憋不住了  I can't stand it no more.
你和李翔之间出问题都是因为我  The only thing wrong with you and Shang is me.
我是一切麻烦的始作俑者  I'm the one that got between you.
你在说什么?  What are you talking about?
又不是你把马车推进河里的  It's not like you made the carriage go into the river.
那是个意外  Now, that was an accident.
加了点人为助力  Following several attempts at on purpose.
当时在李翔帐篷外面的不会是你吧  And it wasn't you outside Shang's tent.
你知道我经常话痨  You know how I gab.
在我走后 是你把他叫醒了?  And you woke him up after I left?
叫醒他不容易 他真能睡  It wasn't easy neither. That man can sleep.
木须 你做了什么?    我敲了几下锣  Mushu, what did you do?    Well, I was banging pots and pans.
不对 你到底做了什么?  No. What did you do?
你要结婚了 一切都会变  You was getting married. Everything was gonna change.
我会失去你的 还有我的地位  I was gonna lose you. And my pedestal.
你是说 你在我和李翔之间搅局 是为了能继续你的工作?  You mean, you got between Shang and me so you could keep your job?
对不起  I'm sorry.
你的所作所为不可原谅  What you did was unforgivable.
但是你和李翔太不同了  But you and Shang are so different.
等一下 没我想的那么不同  Wait a second. Not as different as I thought.
所有的问题不是因为我们 而是因为你  All those problems, they weren't us. They were you.
我得找翔谈谈 告诉他我爱他  I've got to talk to Shang, tell him I love him.
木兰 我会将功补过的 我保证  Mulan, I'll make it up to you. I promise.
算了吧 你帮的够多了  Forget it. You've helped enough.
翔 等等  Shang. Shang.
有埋伏    强盗  It's an ambush.    Bandits.
靠在一起 保护公主  Close ranks. Save the princesses.
快跑 快跑    你们俩去拿黄金  Run, run.    You two, get the gold.
跟我来    你们俩跟我来  Come on.    You two, come with me.
我追上他们了  I got them.
翔 我来帮你  Shang, I've got your back.
抓住我的手  Take my hand.
救我!    公主  Help!    The princesses.
你们怎么敢碰我?    拿不下来  How dare you touch me?    It won't budge.
把她一块带走    不  Then take the whole package.    No.
放开她  Get your hands off her.
救我!  Help!
不!    梅  No!    Mei.
姚!  Yao!
拖住他们 我们走  Hold them off. Let's go.
救我  Help me.
快跑  Run.
梅    姚  Mei.    Yao.
快过来  Come on.
我们走  Let's get out of here.
翔 坚持住  Shang, hang on.
绳子撑不住我们俩的    能撑住的 翔  It won't hold us both.    It will. It will, Shang.
木兰  Mulan.
对不起    不要  I'm sorry.    Please.
翔  Shang.
翔!  Shang!
翔  Shang.
花木兰 我们决定奉命成婚  Fa Mulan, we're ready to go through with the wedding.
不用  No.
你们只需要照顾好自己  Your orders are to take care of each other.
但是...  But...
翔不会白白牺牲  Losing Shang will not be meaningless.
不管怎样 这次任务我定会完成  No matter what it takes, I'm finishing this mission.
好马儿  Good horse.
你说没了是什么意思?  What do you mean, they are gone?
羌王 中途发生意外  There was an accident.
皇宫的马车掉进河里 车毁人亡  The royal carriage fell into the river and was destroyed.
惨重损失啊  A grave loss.
但这改变不了我和皇上的约定  But it does not alter my agreement with the Emperor.
除非联姻  And unless it is honored,
否则我不会同意和中原结盟  I will sanction no alliance with the Middle Kingdom.
皇上亲口许诺两国联姻    联姻不会取消  A marriage was promised.    And a marriage there will be.
能与契骨国的王子成婚是我的荣幸  I would be honored to wed a prince of Qui Gong.
你?  You?
陛下 花木兰是中国的英雄  My Lord, Fa Mulan, the hero of China.
三个臭皮匠未必能赛过一个诸葛亮哦  A jewel in your crown far more dear than three mere princesses.
这有违约定  This is not what was agreed.
但是我朝金龙对你满意  However, the Golden Dragon of Unity smiles upon you today.
鉴于你们的悲惨遭遇 我接受你的提议  And in view of the tragedy, I will accept your offer.
你将嫁给我的长子 吉齐王子  You will make a fine bride for my eldest son, Prince Jeeki.
就是她吗?  This is her?
她太老了  She's so old.
木兰说不管怎样她都要完成任务  Mulan said she was gonna finish the mission no matter what.
没有我们怎么完成啊?  But how can she without us?
把她自己献出去  By taking your place.
李翔还活着  Shang's alive.
李翔 你还活着 你还活着  Shang, you're alive. You're alive.
木兰说得对  Mulan was right.
没有人应该嫁给自己不爱的人  No one should marry someone they don't love.
我要去契骨国  I'm going to Qui Gong.
我们跟你一块去    不用 留在这里  We're going with you.    No, you're not. Stay here.
你觉得那是命令吗?  Would you say that was an order?
我觉得那算是友好建议吧  I would say it was a friendly suggestion.
我们走  Let's go.
看样了我们不能在一起了 木须  Looks like we won't be a team after all, Mushu.
木兰  Mulan.
如果能挽回这一切 哪怕放弃1000个宝座我也愿意  I would give up 1,000 pedestals if I could stop this.
现在怕是金龙也无力回天了  I doubt even the Golden Dragon of Unity could stop this now.
再见 木须  Goodbye, Mushu.
我的子民  My people,
我朝金龙指引我们做的一切  the Golden Dragon of Unity, who guides us in all we do,
今天他使两国联盟成圣 庇佑我朝  today sanctifies a union that will be a blessing for all of Qui Gong.
我当然想阻止了  Of course I wanna stop it.
但是我一个袖珍龙能做什么呢?  But what can one itty  bitty dragon do?
系上这条丝带  With the tying of this sash,
我们连接的并不仅是两个人 更是两个国家  we shall unite not only two lives, but two kingdoms.
他是李翔将军    他还活着  It's General Li Shang.    He's alive.
耶 翔来救木兰了  Yeah, Shang to the rescue.
羌王好运来了 看我怎么收拾他  Lucky for Lord Chin, because I was about to whip his butt.
你还活着  You're alive.
你结婚怎么能没有我呢  I couldn't let you get married without me.
将军 这样太可耻了  General, this is outrageous.
请你立刻离开    我不会走的  You will leave at once.    I'm not going anywhere.
你在干什么?    我不知道 即兴发挥一下  What are you doing?    I don't know. I'm winging it.
你怎能践踏如此圣神的仪式?  How dare you trample upon this sacred ceremony?
天啊 他在给翔施加压力  Oh, my gosh, he's gonna lower the hammer on Shang.
当你需要他的时候 那该死的金龙又在哪?  Where is the dang Dragon of Unity when you need him?
小蟋蟀 不要烦我 我...  Don't bother me now, Cri  Kee, I...
我有个主意  I have an idea.
殿下 我爱木兰 我不管规矩如何  My lord, I love Mulan, and I don't care what the rules say.
只要她愿意 我要和她此时此地就成婚  If she'll have me, I intend to marry her right here, right now.
无礼的家伙  Insolent dog.
抓住他  Seize him.
翔    木兰  Shang.    Mulan.
哟 这是演的那出戏啊?  Yo, what's with all this drama?
金龙 他活了  The Golden Dragon of Unity. He lives.
木须?  Mushu?
对 我活了  You dang right, I live.
所以你最好乖乖交代  So you best drop your dumpling  eating behind on down
告诉我为什么不同意他们俩人成婚?  and tell me why we ain't busting out the vows already?
但是 神龙 李将军不是契骨国的子民啊  But, Your Greatness, General Li Shang is not a son of Qui Gong.
闭嘴!  Silence!
我才是金龙  I am the Golden Dragon of Unity.
我决定谁来成婚  And I decide whom to unify.
我的全知之眼审视了中国都城  My all  seeing eye has peered into the very heart of China.
我从没见过有两个人  And I've never seen two people more right for one another
能比眼前的木兰和李翔更加相爱  than this lovely couple right here, Mulan and Shang.
给他们鼓掌 好吗?  Give it up for them, would you please?
现在我命令你立即执行  Now, I command you to proceed at once.
遵命 神龙  Yes, Your Greatness, as you command.
言归正传 木兰 你爱翔吗?  Now let's get down to business. Mulan, do you love Shang?
那还用说 翔 你爱木兰吗?  Of course you do. Shang, do you love Mulan?
非常爱 那就继续了  Yes, very much, moving on.
天授权于我  By the power vested in me, by me.
我特此宣布你们结为夫妻  I hereby pronounce you husband and wife.
你有什么要说的吗 羌王?  You got anything to say, Lord Double Chin?
有 不 没有  Yes. I mean, no.
谨遵教诲  I mean, whatever you say.
另外 我宣布  And furthermore, I hereby decree
中原三位公主  that the princesses of the Middle Kingdom,
无论她们身在何处  wherever they may be,
解脱她们的使命 她们可以自行嫁给自己所爱之人  are released from their vow and may marry whomsoever they please.
当然必须是两厢情愿  And who pleases them, that's very important.
我的宝贝  Honey pie.
真不敢相信我又变成一个奴隶龙了  I can't believe I'm back on wake  up duty.
但是木兰现在很幸福  Well, Mulan is happy.
木兰幸福 我就幸福  And if she's happy, I'm happy.
谢谢你 小蟋蟀  Thank you, Cri  Kee.
我做得很棒 不是吗?  I did do good, didn't I?
你最好先休息一下 木须  Better get your rest, Mushu.
黎明的时候我要练瑜伽  I have a yoga session at dawn,
我又不想错过日出  and I don't want to be late for my greetings to the sun.
别忘了  And don't forget.
我喜欢有人用舒服的脚底按摩  I like to be awakened from my beauty sleep
把我从美梦中叫醒  with a nice long foot massage.
我快吐了  I think I'm gonna be sick.
翔 你在做什么?    看  Shang, what are you doing?    Watch and see.
他在做什么?    不能这样  What is he doing?    It can't be.
他在合并家族的祭庙  He's combining the family temples.
不  No.
请问 这意味着什么?  Excuse me, what does that mean exactly?
对我来说?  You know, for me?
意味着...  It means...
什么 什么? 意味什么?  Yeah, what, what? It means what?
很不幸你能保留你的宝座了  Unfortunately, you get to keep your pedestal.
耶  Yeah.
我又回来了  I'm back, baby.
我又回来了!  I am back!
爽  Yes.
这位就是大名鼎鼎的木须?  So this is the famous Mushu?
比我想象的小了点  Somehow I pictured you bigger.
什么?  Say what?
你告诉他我们的事了?  You told him about me? About us?
木须 我对丈夫会坦诚布公的  I have no secrets from my husband, Mushu.
我全都告诉他了  I told him everything.
"全部"的全部?  "Everything" everything?
没错 契骨国的金龙  That's right, Great Golden Dragon of Unity.
我还不明白  I still don't get it.
合并家族祀庙干什么?  What does combining our temples do?
这样我就可以保留我的宝座了  It gives me back my pedestal.
等等 这样做可以吗?  Wait, but can you do this?
这样不违反规矩吗?    当然  Aren't there rules?    Of course.
就像某人男扮女装去参军  Right next to the rules about dressing up like a man
一样违规  and joining the army.
你知道吗?  Well, what do you know?
焉知非福哦  This thing just might work out after all.
嘿 我的按摩师哪儿去了?  Hey, yo, where's my masseuse?
拯救中国给了我莫大的荣耀  Saving China gives me knots like you wouldn't believe.
我的修脚师呢?  And what about my pedicure?
快来给我修脚  Let's get jamming on the toe jam, people.
来个人热一下精油  And somebody heat up some oil.
虽然我还不知道怎么用  I don't know what we're gonna do with it yet,
但是我觉得会很爽  but it's gonna be good.
难道这不是一个英雄龙该享受的吗?  Does a hero dragon deserve anything less?
放洗澡水  Draw my bath.
热一下毛巾 奢华盛宴就此开幕  Warm my towels. Let the pampering begin.
