小美人鱼1
我要告诉你一个关于这蓝色深海的传说  I'll tell you a tale of the bottomless blue
在右舷 嗨哟喔  And it's, hey to the star board Heave  ho
看 在神秘的六英尺之下  Look out, lad A mermaid be waiting for you
有只美人鱼正在等你  In mysterious fathoms below
这不是很壮观吗？带着咸味的海风  Isn't this great? The salty sea air,
风吹在你的脸上  the wind blowing in your face.
又是美好的一天     哦 是啊 真让人愉快  A perfect day to be at sea.     Oh, yes, delightful.
晴朗的天气 奔流的大海  A fine strong wind and a following sea.
特莱顿国王一定心情很好  King Triton must be in a friendly  type mood.
特莱顿国王？     哎呀 人鱼的统治者 伙计  King Triton?     Why, ruler of the Merpeople, lad.
每个好水手都知道他  Thought every good sailor knew about him.
人鱼 埃里克 别理这些水手的胡说八道  Mer people. Eric, pay no attention to this nautical nonsense.
可这不是胡说 这是事实  But it ain't nonsense. It's the truth.
我告诉你 你到海的深处去看看他们的生活     啊  I'm telling ya Down in the depths of the ocean they live Oh     Aah
在神秘的六英尺之下  In mysterious fathoms below
高贵的殿下 特莱顿国王  His Royal Highness King Triton
还有当前最着名的宫廷作曲家  And presenting the distinguished court composer...
霍雷肖 费隆尼俄斯 伊纳肖斯 克鲁斯特雷索斯 塞巴斯蒂安  Horatio Felonious Ignacious Crustaceous Sebastian
我一直期待着这次演出 塞巴斯蒂安  I'm really looking forward to this performance, Sebastian.
尊敬的陛下  Your Majesty
这次音乐会将是我指挥生涯 中最完美的一次  This will be the finest concert I have ever conducted.
您的女儿们… 她们是最引人注目的  Your daughters... They will be spectacular
是的  Yes.
特别是我的小女儿艾莉儿     是的 是的  And especially my little Ariel.     Yes, yes.
她有着最美丽的声音 嗯？  She has the most beautiful voice. Hmm?
可她彩排的时候只露了一面  If only she'd show up for rehearsals once in a while.
啊 我们是特莱顿国王的女儿  Ah, we are the daughters of Triton
父亲最爱我们 给我们起了美丽的名字  Great father who loves us and named us well
阿葵达  Aquata
安德丽娜  Andrina
阿丽斯塔 阿蒂娜  Arista, Attina
阿德拉 阿拉娜  AdeIIa, AIana
还有最小的女儿  And then there is the youngest in her musical debut
我们的七妹 我们现在把她引见给大家  Our seventh little sister We representing her to you
来唱一首塞巴斯蒂安写的歌 她的声音就象银铃一样  To sing a song Sebastian wrote her voice is like a bell
她就是我们的小妹妹艾莉…  She's our sister Ari...
艾莉儿  Ariel
艾莉儿 等等我  Ariel, wait for me.
弗劳德 快点  Flounder, hurry up.
你知道我游不了那么快  You know I can't swim that fast.
那就是了  There it is.
这是不是很奇妙啊？  Isn't it fantastic?
啊 是啊 当然 这… 真伟大  Yeah, sure. It's great.
我们要马上离开这里  Now let's get out here.
你是不是害怕了啊？  You're not getting cold fins now, are you?
谁 我？不可能  Who, me? No way.
就是 那看起来挺阴森的     嗯  It's just... It, uh... It looks damp in there.     Yeah.
而且我觉得我可能病了  And I think I may be coming down with something.
啊 我有点咳嗽  Yeah, I got this cough.
那好吧 我打算进去  All right. I'm going inside.
你就在这等我吧 顺便帮我看着点有没有鲨鱼  You can just stay here and watch for sharks.
好 没问题 你去吧 我在这待着并且…  Okay. Yeah, you go. I'll stay and...
什么？鲨鱼？艾莉儿  What? Sharks? Ariel
艾莉儿 我不能… 我是说…  Ariel, I can't... I mean...
艾莉儿 救命  Ariel, help
哦 弗劳德     艾莉儿  Oh, Flounder.     Ariel.
你真的认为这周围有鲨鱼？  Do you really think there might be sharks around here?
弗劳德 别象只孔雀鱼一样     我可不是孔雀鱼  Flounder, don't be such a guppy.     I'm not a guppy.
真壮观  This is great.
我是说我真喜欢这里  I mean, I really love this.
刺激 冒险 危险 潜伏在每个角落里…  Excitement, adventure, danger lurking around every corner...
艾莉儿  Ariel
哦 你没事吧？  Oh, are you okay?
嗯 没事 没事 我很好  Yeah, sure. No problem. I'm okay.
哦 天啊 哦 天啊  Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh
你以前看见过这么漂亮的东西吗？  Have you ever seen anything so wonderful in your entire life?
哦 真酷 不过 嗯 那是什么？  Wow Cool But, uh, what is it?
我不知道 我猜可能是史卡托     可那是什么呢？  I don't know, but I bet Scuttle will.     What was that?
你听见什么动静了吗？     嗯？我在想这回是什么东西  Did you hear something?     Mmm? I wonder what this one is.
艾莉儿？     弗劳德 放松点好吗？  Ariel?     Flounder, will you relax?
不会有什么事的  Nothing is going to happen.
鲨鱼 鲨鱼 我们要死了  Shark Shark We're gonna die
哦 不  Oh, no
你这个欺软怕硬的家伙  You big bully
弗劳德 你可真是只孔雀鱼     我不是  Flounder, you really are a guppy.     I am not.
嗯 1400 然后是 92  Hmm  hmm, fourteen hundred and ninety  two
嘟  滴  嘟 嘟  嘟  嘟  Dum  de  dum Do  do  do
啷  叮  叮 嘟  嘟  滴  嘟  Rum  dim  dim Do  do  dee  do
史卡托     啊  Scuttle     Whoa
美人鱼离开家了  Mermaid off the port bow
艾莉儿 你好吗 孩子？  Ariel, how you doing, kid?
哦 游的这么快     史卡托 看看我找到什么了  Whoa, what a swim.     Scuttle, look what we found.
我们刚才在沉船里 这东西就在地上…  Yeah, we were in this sunken ship, and it was really creepy...
人类的东西 嗯？嗨 让我看看  Human stuff, huh? Hey, let me see.
哦 哦 看看这个  Oh' Oh' Look at this.
哦 这东西很特别 这东西非常非常不一般  Wow. This is special. This is very, very unusual.
什么？这到底是什么东西？     这是叮当舞者  What? What is it?     It's a dinglehopper.
人类用这个小东西弄直头发  Humans use these little babies to straighten their hair out.
看着 就这样转一下 然后拔出来…  See? Just a little twirl here and a yank there and viola...
你就得到一个非常美丽 时髦的发型  Ya got an aesthetically pleasing configuration of hair...
人类非常在意这个  that humans go nuts over.
一个叮当舞者  A dingle hopper.
那这是什么？     啊  What about that one?     Ah
我已经很多年没见过这东西了 这东西非常奇妙  This I haven't seen in years. This is wonderful
是个镶边的 球状的  A banded, bulbous...
小号筒     哦  snarfblatt.     Oh
那还是在史前的时候  Now, the snarfblatt dates back to prehistorical times...
人们经常无所事事 面面相觑  when humans used to sit around and stare at each other all day.
所以觉得很无聊  Got very boring.
于是 他们发明这小东西来制造美妙的音乐  So, they invented this snarfblatt to make fine music.
请允许我  Allow me.
音乐  Music
哦 扎着我了     啊 音乐会  It's stuck     Oh, the concert
啊 天啊 我父亲会杀了我的     音乐会是今天开吗？  Oh, my gosh My father's gonna kill me     The concert was today?
也许你能从里面找出个农夫或者什么的     真对不起  Maybe you could make a little planter out of it or something.    I'm sorry
我必须走了 谢谢你 史卡托  I've gotta go Thank you, Scuttle
任何时候都欢迎你 小可爱 任何时候  Anytime, sweetie. Anytime.
这就对了 赶快回家吧 公主  Yes, hurry home, Princess.
我们可不想 错过老国王的庆典 是吧？  We wouldn't want to miss old Daddy's celebration, now, would we?
哈哈 庆典 真的吗 哼 呸  Ha Celebration, indeed. Oh, bah
以前 我有 更好的宴会  In my day, we had fantastical feasts...
在我住在宫殿的时候  when I lived in the palace.
可是现在看看我  And, now, look at me.
骨瘦如柴  Wasted away to practically nothing.
被流放 而且饿的要死  Banished and exiled and practically starving...
可他们却开什么鱼类的庆典  while he and his flimsy fish folk celebrate.
好啊 我很快会为这庆典送点东西的  Well, I'll give them something to celebrate soon enough.
阿漂 阿浮…  Flotsam Jetsam...
你们给我好好监视 他的小女儿  I want you to keep an extra close watch on this pretty little daughter of his.
她可能会成为消灭特莱顿的关键  She may be the key to Triton's undoing.
我不知道我还对你怎么办 小妇人  I just don't know what we're going to do with you, young lady.
爸爸 真对不起 我给忘了  Daddy, I'm sorry. I just forgot.
因为你粗心的行为…     粗心和不计后果的行为  As a result of your careless behavior...    Careless and reckless behavior
整个庆典 哦…  The entire celebration was, uh...
都给毁了 整个庆典完全给毁了  Well, it was ruined That's all Completely destroyed
这次音乐会本来是我辉煌艺术生涯的一个顶峰  This concert was to be the pinnacle of my distinguished career.
现在可好 真得感谢你 我成了整个王国的一个笑柄  Now, thanks to you, I am the laughingstock of the entire kingdom
可这不是她的错… 啊 对了 一开始是鲨鱼追我们  But it wasn't her fault... Uh, oh, first, uh, the shark chased us.
对 没错 然后我们想 可是我们不能 然后…  Yeah, yeah. And we tried to... but we couldn't, and he...
接着… 接着我们… 哦  And... And we... Whoa
后来我们就跑了  And then we were safe.
接着海鸥飞来了 然后 就是 就是… 接着  But then this seagull came, and it was, "This is this, and that is that." And...
海鸥？什么？哦  Seagull? What? Oh.
你们是不是又到海面上去了？是不是？  You went up to the surface again, didn't you? Didn't you?
可什么事也没有啊     哦 艾莉儿 我得和你说多少次才行？  Nothing happened.     Oh, Ariel, how many times must we go through this?
你可能会被那些野蛮人看见的 那些人类  You could have been seen by one of those barbarians, by  by one of those humans
爸爸 没有野蛮人的     那很危险  Daddy, they're not barbarians.     They are dangerous.
你想过吗 也许哪天我的小女儿  Do you think I want to see my youngest daughter...
被那些吃鱼的家伙抓住？  snared by some fish  eater's hook?
我已经16岁了 我不再是小孩子了  I'm 16 years old. I'm not a child anymore.
别这么和我说话 小家伙  Don't you take that tone of voice with me, young lady
只要你在海里生活 就必须遵守我的规则  As long as you live under my ocean, you'll obey my rules
可是你听我说…     别和我说别的  But If you would just listen...     Not another word
我不想 再也不想听到你又到海面上的事了  And I am never, never to hear of you going to the surface again
明白了吗？  Is that clear?
年轻人 他们以为他们什么都知道  Hmph Teenagers. They think they know everything.
你对他们管的松一点 他们就会离你而去  You give them an inch, they swim all over you.
你觉得我对她是不是太严格了？  Do you think I was too hard on her?
当然不是  Definitely not.
为什么 要是艾莉儿是我女儿 我就要让她知道谁是头儿  Why, if Ariel was my daughter, I'd show her who was boss.
绝对不允许什么到海面上的事  None of this flitting to the surface and other such nonsense.
哦 陛下 我会牢牢的看着她的  No, sir. I'd keep her under tight control.
你说的太对了 塞巴斯蒂安     当然  You're absolutely right, Sebastian.     Of course.
艾莉儿 需要一个人长期的监督     长期的  Ariel needs constant supervision.     Constant.
得有人看着她 好让她别有什么麻烦  Someone to watch over her, to keep her out of trouble.
一直看着她     而你就是最佳人选  All the time.     And you are just the crab to do it.
我怎么干这个了？  How do I get myself into these situations?
我应该做曲啊  I should be writing symphonies...
而不是跟在一个倔强的年轻人后面  not tagging along after some headstrong teenager.
嗯？这小姑娘要干什么？  Hmm? What is that girl up to?
嗯？  Huh?
艾莉儿 你没事吧？  Ariel, are you okay?
要是爸爸能理解多好啊  If only I could make him understand.
我真不明白他的行为方式  I just don't see things the way he does.
我就想不明白 能作出这么美妙音乐的人  I don't see how a world that makes such wonderful things...
可能是坏人  could be bad.
看 如此优雅  Look at this stuff Isn't it neat
我的收藏如此纯粹  wouldn't ya think my collection's complete
我就是那个女孩  Wouldn't ya think I'm the girl
那个无所不有的女孩  The girl who has everything
看 这隐密的宝藏  Look at this trove Treasures untold
一个山洞埋藏着多少奇迹  How many wonders can one cavern hold
环视四周 你便会发觉  looking around here you'd think
是的 她无所不有  Sure, she's got everything
我有许多小玩意  I've got gadgets and gizmosaplenty
我有许多沃齐和瓦齐  I've got who zits and what zits galore
你要什么 我就有20  You want thin gamabobs I got 20
可谁在意 无所谓  But who cares No big deal
我要更多  I want more
我要到人群中去  I wanna be where the people are
我想看他们起舞  I wanna see Wanna see them dancing
用那个东奔西走… 那个叫什么？  Walking around on those... What do ya call them?
哦 是脚  Oh, feet.
拍打鱼鳍你无法走远  Flipping your fins you don't get too far
只有用脚才能跳跃起舞  Legs are required for jumping, dancing
散步在… 这个词又怎么说？  Stroll in along down a... What's that word again?
街道  Street
在那里他们散步 在那里他们奔跑  Up where they walk Up where they run
在那里他们整日沐浴在阳光下  Up where they stay all day in the sun
自由行走 希望我也能  Wandering free Wish I could be
成为他们的一份子  Part of that world
如果我能生活必须付出什么？  What would I give if I could live
离开大海？  Out of these waters
我该拿什么去交换那样的一天？  What would I pay to spend a day
在沙滩上取暖？  Warm on the sand
你一定要踏上陆地他们才理解  Bet ya on land they understand
他们肯定不会斥责女儿  Bet they don't reprimand their daughters
美丽的年轻姑娘 游泳之症  Bright young women sick of swimming
准备去承受  Ready to stand
准备去了解人们所了解的  And ready to know what the people know
向他们请教我的问题并得到答案  Ask them my questions and get some answers
火是什么 怎么会… 那个词怎么说？  What's a fire and why does it... What's the word?
燃烧  Burn
这是我的大好时机 我是如此地渴望  When sit my turn Wouldn't I love
渴望去岸上探险  Love to explore that shore up above
离开大海  Out of the sea
希望我能够  Wish I could be
成为他们的  Part of that
一份子  World
塞巴斯蒂安  Sebastian
艾莉儿 你在… 你怎么能… 这都是什么？  Ariel, what are you... How could you... What is all this?
这是 嗯… 这仅仅是一些收藏品  It's, uh... It's just my collection.
哦 我知道了  Oh, I see.
你的收藏 哼哼 如果 你爸爸知道这些…  Your collection, hmm. If your father knew about this place...
你不会告诉他的 是吧？  You're not gonna tell him, are you?
哦 求求你 塞巴斯蒂安 他永远也不会理解的  Oh, please, Sebastian, he would never understand.
艾莉儿 你的压力太大了  Ariel, you're under a lot of pressure down here.
跟我来 我带你回家  Come with me. I'll take you home...
给你沏些热东西喝  and get you something warm to drink.
你觉得那是什么…     艾莉儿？  What do you suppose...     Ariel?
艾莉儿？  Ariel?
艾莉儿 你要干什么啊…  Ariel, what are you...
天啊  Jumping jellyfish
艾莉儿？艾莉儿 快回来  Ariel? Ariel Please Come back
马克斯 过来 小家伙  Max Here, boy
嗨 来啊 你干什么呢 啊 马克斯？  Hey, come on, mutt. What ya doing, huh, Max?
过来 马克斯  Come on, Max.
棒小伙子 棒小伙子  Good boy. Good boy.
嗨 小家伙 是不是很热闹啊  Hey there, sweetie Quite a show, eh?
史卡托 安静点 他们会听见你的  Scuttle, be quiet. They'll hear you.
哦 知道了 我知道了  Ooh, I got ya. I got ya.
我们是勇猛无畏的 我们不会被发现的  We're being intrepidaceous. We're out to discover
我从来没这么近的看着一个人  I've never seen a human this close before.
嘿 他真英俊 是吧？  Oh. He's very handsome, isn't he?
我不觉得 它有这么多毛 而且对我垂涎三尺  I don't know. He looks kind of hairy and slobbery to me.
我不是说它呢  Not that one.
我是说和它玩的那个人  The one playing the snarfblatt.
安静 安静  Silence, silence.
下面我荣幸的  It is now my honor and privilege...
赠送一件礼物给我们 尊敬的埃里克王子  to present our esteemed Prince Eric...
这件礼物非常特别 也非常昂贵  with a very special, very expensive...
非常巨大的生日礼物  very large birthday present.
啊 格林斯比 你这个老瘦子 干嘛这么客气  Ah, Grimsby, ya old beanpole, you shouldn't have.
没什么  I know.
生日快乐 埃里克  Happy birthday, Eric.
嗯 格林… 这个 嗯  Uh, gee, Grim... Ha
这 啊… 这东西真的很别致  It's, uh... It's...It's really something.
当然 这是我亲手做的  Yes, I commissioned it myself.
而且 我本来希望 这是你的结婚礼物呢  Of course, I had hoped it would be a wedding present.
老天 格林 别提这个  Come on, Grim. Don't start.
看 你并不伤心 因为我并不爱  Look, you're not still sore because I didn't fall for...
格罗海文的王子 是吗？  the princess of Glowehaven, are you?
哦 埃里克 这不仅是我个人的想法  Oh, my Oh, Eric, it isn't me alone.
全国人民都希望 看到你能安顿下来  The entire kingdom wants to see you happily settled down...
找到一个好女孩  with the right girl.
哦 合适的人肯定有 只是我…  Oh, she's out there somewhere. I just...
只是我还没有找到而已  I just haven't found her yet.
可也许你还没有下工夫去找  Well, perhaps you haven't been looking hard enough.
相信我 格林 我找到了一定会和你说的  Believe me, Grim, when I find her, I'll know.
毫无疑问 那感觉就象… 就象触电一样  Without a doubt, it'll just... bam... hit me like lightning.
暴风雨就要来了  Hurricane a  comin
各就各位 绑好绳索  Stand fast Secure the rigging
哇 好突然的大风啊 这么快就来了  Whoa The wind's all of a sudden on the move here  Yo
艾莉儿  Ariel
小心  Look out
格林 抓住我  Grim Ha  Hang on
马克斯  Max
跳下来 马克斯 快点 小家伙 跳下来 你没问题的 马克斯  Jump, Max Come on, boy Jump You can do it, Max
埃里克  Max
他是不是 死了？  Is he... dead?
这很难说  It's hard to say.
嗯 我听不到他有心跳  Oh, I... I can't make out a heartbeat.
不 你看啊 他在呼吸呢  No, look He's breathing.
他这么潇洒  He's so beautiful.
我要如何付出什么与你相守  What would I give to live where you are
我要付出什么才能与你相依  What would I pay to stay here beside you
你对我一笑我就手足无措  What would I do to see you smiling at me
我们在何处散步 我们在何处奔跑  Where would we walk Where would we run
如果我们可以整天待在太阳下  If we could stay all day in the sun
只有你和我 我就能  Just you and me and I could be
成为你们的一份子  Part of your world
埃里克？埃里克  Eric? Eric
你别总这么吓唬我  You really delight in these sadistic strains...
这让我血压升高  on my blood pressure, don't you?
一个女孩 救了我  A girl... rescued me.
她… 她刚才在唱歌  She... She was singing.
她有着最美妙的嗓音  She had the most beautiful voice.
哦 埃里克 我想你可能喝了太多的海水了  Ah, Eric, I think you've swallowed a bit too much seawater.
咱们走吧 走吧 马克斯  Off we go. Come on, Max.
咱们应该把今天发生的这些事都忘掉  We just gonna forget this whole thing ever happened.
老国王什么也不会知道  The sea king will never know.
你肯定不会告诉他的 我也不会告诉他 我想让自己安全点  You won't tell him. I won't tell him. I will stay in one piece.
我不知何时 不知如何  I don't know when I don't know how
但我知道有事情发生了  But I know something is starting right now
你将会看到  Watch and you'll see
某天我将成为  Someday I'll be
你们的  Part of your
一份子  world
哦 不 不 不 不 不 不 我真受不了了 这太简单了  Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. I can't stand it. It's too easy.
这小家伙爱上了一个人  The child is in love with a human.
而且不是个普通人 是个王子  And not just any human. A prince
她爸爸会喜欢的  Her daddy will love that.
这个特莱顿国王任性的 害了相思病的小女儿  King Triton's headstrong, lovesick girl...
将会成为我的后花园里一个迷人的景致  would make a charming addition to my little garden.
艾莉儿 亲爱的 该走了  Ariel, dear, time to come out.
你在里面待了一早晨了  You've been in there all morning.
最近她怎么回事？  What is with her lately?
啊 早上好 爸爸   好  Oh. Morning, Daddy.     Well
哦 她谈恋爱了    什么？她怎么了？  Oh, she's got it bad.     What? What has she got?
这多明显啊 爸爸？艾莉儿恋爱了  Isn't it obvious, Daddy? Ariels in love.
艾莉儿？恋爱？  Ariel? In love?
还好 到目前为止还可以  Okay. So far, so good.
我不认为老国王现在已经知道了  I don't think the king knows.
可是要想长时间的保密可不容易  But it will not be easy keeping something like this a secret for long.
他爱我  He loves me.
嗯 他不爱我  Mmm. He loves me not.
他爱我 我就知道  He loves me I knew it
艾莉儿 别说傻话了  Ariel, stop talking crazy
我想见他 就在今晚  I gotta see him again... tonight.
史卡托 知道他住在哪儿     艾莉儿 求求你了  Scuttle knows where he lives.     Ariel, please
你清醒一点好吗？  Will you get your head out of the clouds and back in the water where it belongs?
我要游到他的城堡 接着弗劳德会吸引他的注意力  I'll swim up to his castle, then Flounder will splash around to get his attention.
然后我们…     这才是你的家  And then we'll go...     Down here is your home
艾莉儿 听我说  Ariel, listen to me.
人类世界… 一团糟  The human world... It's a mess.
海里的生活比陆上要好得多  Life under the sea is better than anything they got up there.
别人湖中的水草总是更绿  The sea weed is always greener in somebody else's lake
你梦想着上去  You dream about going up there
可那是个错误  But that is a big mistake
看看你周围的世界  Just look at the world around you
就在这海底  Right here on the ocean floor
如此美妙的东西  Such wonderful things around you
你还奢求什么  What more is you looking for
在海底 在海底  Under the sea Under the sea
亲爱的 海底比陆地更好  Darling, it's better down where it's wetter take it from me
当我们在海面上徜徉  Up on the shore they work all day Out in the sun they slave away
人类却要在烈日下奔波  While we devoting full time to floating Under the sea
这里的鱼都很快乐  Down here all the fish is happy
随波逐浪  As off through the waves they roll, yeah
岸上的鱼并不快乐  The fish on the land ain't happy
他们在缸中暗伤悲  They sad cause they in the bowl
可缸中鱼依然幸运  But fish in the bowl is lucky
还有更可怕的命运  They in for a worser fate
如果某日主人饿了  One day when the boss get hungry
猜猜看谁会成为盘中餐  Guess who's gonna be on the plate
什么？不 在海底  What? No Under the sea
在海底  Under the sea
没人伤害我们 煎熬我们 把我们做成肉丁  Nobody beat us, fry us and eat us in fricassee
陆上的人视我们为美餐  We what the land folks loves to cook
在海底我们远离危险  Under the sea we off the hook
无忧无虑 生活就是水泡  We got no troubles Life is the bubbles
在海底     在海底  Under the sea     Under the sea
因为这里的生活多么美好  Since life is sweet here we got it beat here
自然地     自然地  Naturally     Naturally
连鲟鱼和电鱼都忍不住嬉戏  Even the sturgeon and the ray they get the urge and start to play
我们自得其乐 你能在海底听到  we got the spirit You got to hear it Under the sea
蝾螈吹苗 鲤鱼弄琴  The newt play the flute The carp play the harp
欧鲽卖力地拔弄贝司  The plaice play the bass and they sounding sharp
铜做的贝司 白鲑玩浴盆  The bass play the brass The chub play the tub
锚爪是灵歌的之王     是的  The fluke is the duke of soul     Yeah
电鱼演奏 鳕鱼拔弦  The ray, he can play The ling is on the strings
鱼摇滚 黑鲸歌唱  The trout's rocking out The black fish, he sings
胡瓜鱼和鲱鱼 他们知道身在何处  The smelt and the sprat They know where it's at
哦 还有河豚在喘气  And, oh, that blowfish blow
是的 在海底     在海底  Yeah, Under the sea     Under the sea
在海底     在海底  Under the sea     Under the sea
当沙丁鱼开始跳比根舞  When the sardine begin the beguine
对我来说如闻仙音     对我来说如闻仙音  It's music to me     Music it is to me
他们有什么？大堆的沙子  What do they got? A lot of sand
我们有贝壳乐队  we got a hot crustacean band
每个小蛤 都知道如何挤塞  Each little clam here know how to jam here Under the sea
每个弹头鱼都知道划地盘  Each little slug here cutting a rug here Under the sea
每个小蜗牛都知道如何哀叹  Each little small here know how to wall here
这就是水底为何如此火热  That's why it is hotter under the water
是的 我们隐居于此 在泥沙之中  Yeah, we in luck here down in the muck here
在海底  Under the sea
艾莉儿？  Ariel?
得有人想个办法让她待在海底  Oh, somebody's got to nail that girl's fins to the floor.
塞巴斯蒂安  Sebastian
塞巴斯蒂安 我到处找你  Sebastian, I've been looking all over for you.
老国王急着找你     老国王？  I've got an urgent message from the sea king.     The sea king?
他要马上见你 和艾莉儿有关  He wants to see you right away. Something about Ariel.
完了他知道了     嗨 现在咱们猜猜  He knows.     Hey, let's see now.
嗯 谁会是那个幸运的人鱼呢  Oh, who could the lucky merman be?
过来 塞巴斯蒂安  Come in, Sebastian.
不要有任何举动 一定得冷静  I mustn't over react. I must remain calm.
陛下？  Yes?
陛下 尊敬的陛下？     塞巴斯蒂安  Yes, Your Majesty?     Yes, Sebastian.
我很关心艾莉儿  I'm concerned about Ariel.
你最近注意到没有 她的行为有点反常？  Have you noticed she's been acting peculiar lately?
哦 嗯 反常？     比如 老是幻想  Oh Uh, peculiar?     You know, mooning about.
做白日梦 自己唱着玩  Daydreaming, singing to herself.
你没注意到吗 嗯？  You haven't noticed, hmm?
哦 好象是 我…  Oh, well, I...
塞巴斯蒂安？     嗯？  Sebastian?     Hmm?
我知道你有些事瞒着我  I know you've been keeping something from me.
隐瞒什么？  Keeping something?
关于艾莉儿？  About Ariel?
艾莉儿？     她恋爱了 是吧？  Ariel?     In love, hmm?
我试过阻止她 陛下 可她根本就不听我的  I tried to stop her, sir She wouldn't listen
我告诉她离人类远点 他们很坏  I told her to stay away from humans They are bad
他们是个大麻烦     人类？什么人类？  They are trouble     Humans? What about humans?
人类？  Humans?
谁说人类了？  Who said anything about humans?
弗劳德 为什么你就不能把实情告诉我呢？  Flounder, why can't you just tell me what this is all about?
你会知道的 这是一个惊喜  You'll see. It's a surprise.
哦 弗劳德  Oh, Flounder.
弗劳德 你真是太好了  Flounder, you're the best
这雕像真象他 还有眼睛  It looks just like him. It even has his eyes.
怎么了 埃里克 想让我和你一起走？  Why, Eric, run away with you?
这太突然了 好吧 我答应你  Oh, this is all so... so sudden.
爸爸？  Daddy?
我觉得我是个讲道理的人鱼  I consider myself a reasonable merman.
我制订了一些规则 同时我也希望 这些规则能够被遵守  I set certain rules, and I expect those rules to be obeyed.
可是 爸爸 我…     这是事实吧你救了一个溺水的人？  But, Dad, I...     Is it true you rescued a human from drowning?
爸爸 我不得不…     和人类接触是绝对禁止的  Daddy, I had to...     Contact between the human world and the mer world is strictly forbidden.
艾莉儿 你知道的 谁都知道  Ariel, you know that Everyone knows that.
当时他快要死了     没人关心这些  He would have died.     One less human to worry about.
你根本不了解他     了解他？  You don't even know him.     Know him?
我才用不着了解他 他们都一样  I don't have to know him They're all the same.
没骨气的 野蛮的食鱼人 根本就不值得同情…  Spineless, savage, harpooning fish  eaters incapable of any feeling...
可是爸爸 我爱他  Daddy, I love him
你说什么  No
你没脑子了吗？  Have you lost your senses completely?
他是人类 可你是人鱼     我不在乎  He's a human. You're a mermaid.     I don't care.
老天啊 艾莉儿 我得让你明白  So help me, Ariel, I am going to get through to you.
如果你坚持要这么做 那… 就别怪我了  And if this is the only way, so be it
爸爸 不要啊  Daddy No
不要 求求你了  No Please
爸爸 停下来 爸爸停下来  Daddy, stop Daddy, stop it
爸爸 不要啊  Daddy, No
艾莉儿 我…  Ariel, I...
你们先走吧  Just go away.
可怜的孩子     可怜又可爱的小家伙  Poor child.     Poor, sweet child.
她现在有了很严重的问题  She has a very serious problem.
咱们能为她干些什么呢  If only there were something we could do.
不过有一件事  But there is something.
谁… 你们是谁？  Who... Who are you?
别害怕  Don't be scared.
我们是代表一个能帮助你的人来的  We represent someone who can help you.
她能让你所有的梦想成真  Someone who can make all your dreams come true.
你想象一下…  Just imagine...
你还有你的王子…  You and your prince...
永远在一起  Together forever.
我不明白     娥苏拉有着巨大的能量  I don't understand.     Ursula has great powers.
你是说海底女巫？  The sea witch?
为什么 那是… 我不能  Why, that's... I couldn't possibly.
不 出去 让我自己待会儿  No Get out of here. Leave me alone
你自己看吧  Suit yourself.
这只是一个建议  That was only a suggestion.
等一下     什么？  Wait.     Yes?
可怜的艾莉儿     我不是故意说出去的  Poor Ariel.     I didn't mean to tell.
那是个意外  It was an accident.
艾莉儿？你干什么呢？  Ariel? Where are you going?
艾莉儿 你在这和这些坏蛋在一起干吗？  Ariel, what are you doing here with this riffraff?
我要去见娥苏拉  I'm going to see Ursula.
艾莉儿 别去 别去 她是个魔鬼 她是个妖怪  Ariel, No No She's a demon. She's a monster.
那你怎么不告诉我爸爸去啊？你最喜欢干这个了  Why don't you go tell my father? You're good at that.
可是 我… 来吧  But... But, I... Come on
这边  This way.
进来 进来 我的孩子  Come in. Come in, my child.
我们不能待在大门口啊 这是不礼貌的  We mustn't lurk in doorways. It's rude.
你是不是对你父亲的教训很不满意啊  One might question your upbringing.
现在 你来到这里  Now, then, you're here...
是因为和人类有关的事 就是 那个王子  because you have a thing for this human, this, uh, prince fellow.
我不会责怪你的 他确实是个好对象 是吧？  Not that I blame you. He is quite a catch, isn't he?
好了 小天使  Well, angelfish...
解决问题的方法很简单  the solution to your problem is simple.
唯一的方法就是你自己变成一个人  The only way to get what you want is to become a human yourself.
你能帮我实现吗？  Can you do that?
可怜的孩子 那正是我要帮你的  My dear, sweet child. That's what I do.
我就是为了:  It's what I live for:
帮助一些象你一样的人鱼  to help unfortunate mer folk like yourself...
可怜的灵魂 不知道要漂向哪里  poor souls with no one else to turn to.
也许过去 我是有点邪恶  I admit that in the past I've been a nasty
可他们不应该取笑我 叫我女巫  They weren't kidding when they called me well, a witch
而且你会发现现在我已经都改了  But you'll find that nowadays I've mended all my ways
我后悔以前做的事 现在我找到了光明并且改变了  Repented, seen the light and made a switch
是吧？没错  True? Yes.
而且我很幸运的知道一点魔术  And I fortunately know a little magic
这是我天生的 能掌握这些魔术  It's a talent that I always have possessed
而且现在 你别笑话我 我用这魔术  And here lately, please don't laugh, I use it on be half
帮助那些可怜的人  Of the miserable lonely and depressed
悲惨的  Pathetic.
可怜的 不幸的  Poor unfortunate souls
痛苦的 有需要的人  In pain, in need
有的人想变的瘦点 有的人想要一个女孩  This one longing to be thinner That one wants to get the girl
我就去帮助他们 对 我做到了  And do I help them Yes, indeed
这些可怜的 不幸的灵魂 这么的难过  Those poor, unfortunate souls So sad, so true
他们来到我这 向我哭诉 求我帮助他们  They come flocking to my cauldron, crying spells, Ursula, please
我帮助他们 是我 我帮助他们  And I help them Yes, I do
以前曾经有这么一两次  Now it's happened once or twice
有些人什么也不想付出  Someone couldn't pay the price
我不得不惩罚他们  And I'm afraid I had to rake them across the coals
是的 我因为这些被抱怨  Yes, I've had the odd complaint
但是我本来就不是个圣人  But on the whole I've been a saint
为这些可怜的不幸的灵魂  To those poor unfortunate souls
现在 我的条件就是  Now, here's the deal.
我给你一剂药 你吃下去能让变成人三天  I will make you a potion that will turn you into a human for three days.
明白了吗？三天  Got that? Three days.
现在 听着 这很重要  Now, listen, this is important.
在第三天太阳下山之前  Before the sun sets on the third day...
你一定要让王子爱上你  you've got to get dear old prince to fall in love with you.
就是说 要让他吻你  That is, he's got to kiss you.
不仅是要求他吻你   是那种发自内心的吻  not just any kiss... the kiss of true love.
如果在第三天太阳下山之前他吻了你  If he does kiss you before the sun sets on the third day...
你就能永远的变成人类  you'll remain human permanently.
但是如果他没吻你 你就会变回人鱼  But if he doesn't, you'll turn back into a mermaid...
并且 属于我  and... you belong to me
不 艾莉儿  No, Ariel
成交吗？  Have we got a deal?
要是我变成人了 我就再也看不到我的爸爸和姐姐了  If I become human, I'll never be with my father or sisters again.
没错  That's right
但是你就能得到你的爱人  But you'll have your man.
生活中总是有困难的选择 是吧？  Life's full of tough choices, isn't it?
哦 对了 还有一件事  Oh' And there is one more thing.
咱们还没讨论怎么付款的问题呢  We haven't discussed the subject of payment.
你不能只得到而不付出 是吧  You can't get something for nothing, you know.
可是我什么也没有…     我不会要很多的  But I don't have any...     I'm not asking much.
就是一点点小东西 你甚至感觉不到  Just a token really, a trifle. You'll never even miss it.
我想要的就是你的声音  What I want from you is your voice.
我的声音？     你明白了 可爱的小家伙  My voice?     You've got it, sweet cakes.
不再说话 唱歌  No more talking, singing. Zip
可是没有了声音 我怎么…  But without my voice, how can I...
你有你的外表 美丽的面孔  You'll have your looks, your pretty face.
而且别忘了还有重要的身体语言  And don't underestimate the importance of body language Ha
男人不喜欢说话太多的人  The men up there don't like a Iot of blabber
他们认为话多的女孩让人害怕  They think a girl who gossips is a bore
是啊 如果女孩不停的说话会多烦人  Yes, on land it's much preferred for ladies not to say a word
而且 亲爱的 整天说些孩子气的话有什么用  And, after all, dear What is idle prattle for Come on, then
他们根本就不会对谈话留下什么印象  They're not all that impressed with conversation
那些绅士根本就会避免谈话  True gentlemen avoid it when they can
他们喜欢内向的女人  But they dote and swoon and fawn on a lady who's withdrawn
这样女人才能抓住她的男人  It's she who holds her tongue who gets her man
快点 你这可怜不幸的灵魂  Come on,you poor unfortunate soul
来吧 赶紧决定  Go ahead Make your choice
我非常忙  I'm a very busy woman and I haven't got all day
这要的不多 就是声音而已  It won't cost much just your voice
你这可怜不幸的灵魂  Ya poor, unfortunate soul
悲哀 痛苦  It's sad, but true
你要是想过一座桥 我的小宝贝 你不得不付钱啊  If you want to cross a bridge my sweet,you've got to pay the toll
来 深呼吸 然后再吐出来  Take a gulp and take a breath and go ahead and sign the scroll
阿漂 阿浮 现在我得到她了  Flotsam, Jetsam Now I've got her, boys
王牌就是这纸卷  The boss is on a roll
这个可怜 不幸  This poor, unfortunate
灵魂  soul
白鲸 闪光鲟鱼  Beluga, sevruga
快让里海的风吹起来  Come winds of the Caspian Sea
拉里西斯 格罗西蒂斯 埃马克斯 拉里吉蒂斯  Larynxis, glossitis Et maxlaryngitis
把声音给我  La voice to me
现在 唱歌  Now, sing
继续 接着唱  Keep singing
那声音 我怎么也忘不了  That voice. I can't get it out of my head.
我到处找她 马克斯 她能在哪呢？  I've looked everywhere, Max. Where could she be?
哇 看看这是谁啊  Well, look at what the catfish dragged in.
你看看你 看看你  Look at ya. Look at ya.
一定有什么事 别告诉我  There's something different. Don't tell me.
我猜到了 这是你的新发型 对吧？  I got it. It's your hairdo, right?
你肯定用那个叮当舞者 是吧？  You've been using the dingle hopper, right?
没有？没有 嗯？哦 我想想  No? No, huh? Well, let me see.
那就是捡到新的贝壳了？  New seashells?
没有新的贝壳 我怎么站不稳啊  No new sea shells. I gotta admit I can't put my foot on it right now.
我要是在这站太久了的话…     她有腿了 你这个白痴  But if I just stand here long enough...     She's got legs, you idiot
她用她的声音和女巫换了腿  She traded her voice to the sea witch and got legs. Geez, man
我明白了  I knew that.
艾莉儿变成人了  Ariels been turned into a human.
她得让王子爱上她 而且让他得…  She's gotta make the prince fall in love with her, and he's gotta k...
他得吻她才行     而且她只有三天的时间  He's gotta kiss her.     And she's only got three days
瞧瞧她  Just look at her
有了腿 人类的腿  On legs On human legs
我的神经受不了了 这真是个灾难  My nerves are shot This is a catastrophe
她爸爸会怎么说？我告诉你她爸爸会怎么说  What would her father say? I'll tell you what her father say.
他会说他要杀了我这个小螃蟹 这就是她爸爸要说的  He'd say he's gonna kill himself a crab That's what her father say
我现在一定得直接回王宫去  I'm gonna march me self straight home right now...
告诉他我看到的一切…  and tell him just like I should have done the minute...
别冲我摇头 小妇人  And don't you shake your head at me, young lady.
也许还有时间 如果我们能让那女巫  Maybe there's still time. Ifwe could get that witch...
把声音还给你  to give you back your voice...
你就能象条普通的人鱼一样回家并且  you could go home with all the normal fish and just be...
并且…  Just be...
并且悲惨的度过余生  Just be miserable for the rest of your life.
好了 好了  All right, all right.
我会帮你找到王子的  I'll try to help ya find that prince.
天 我的心太软了  Boy, what a soft shell I'm turning out to be.
现在 艾莉儿 我来告诉你 如果你想真的象个人类  Now, Ariel, I'm telling ya. If you wanna be a human...
第一件事就是象人一样穿衣服 现在 让我想想  the first thing ya gotta do is dress like one. Now, let me see.
马克斯？什么？啊？什么？  Max? What? Huh? What?
马克斯  Max
看起来不错 孩子 看起来很迷人  Ya look great, kid. Ya look sensational.
马克斯  Max
马克斯  Max
安静 马克斯  Quiet, Max.
你怎么了 伙计？哦  What's gotten into you, fella? Oh.
哦 我明白了  Oh, I see.
你没事吧 小姐？  Are you okay, miss?
要是这个蠢家伙吓着你了 我很抱歉  I'm sorry if this knucklehead scared you.
他真的不会伤人的…  He's harmless really, uh...
我看见你觉得特别眼熟 咱们以前见过吗  You seem very familiar to me. Have we met?
我们见过 我知道 你就是那个 那个我一直寻找的人  We have met. I knew it. You're the one, the one I've been looking for.
你叫什么名字？  What's your name?
你怎么了？怎么回事？  What's wrong? What is it?
你不能说话 是吗  You can't speak? Oh
哦 那你就不是我要找的人了  Oh, then you couldn't be who I thought.
什么？你受过伤？  What is it? You're hurt?
不 不 你需要帮助？  No, no. You need help?
哦 哦 小心 小心 慢点  Whoa, whoa, careful careful, easy.
哦 你一定经历了什么事  Gee, you must have really been through something.
别担心 别担心 我会帮助你的  Don't worry. Don't worry. I'll help you.
来吧 跟我来 你会没事的  Come on. Come on. You'll be okay.
你是因为船只遇难被冲到岸边的？  Washed up from a shipwreck.
哦 可怜的人  Oh, the poor thing.
在这里你会马上觉得舒适的  We'll have you feeling better in no time.
我得… 我去洗一下你的衣服  I'll just... I'll just get this washed for you.
好了 你们肯定都听说这个女孩了吧  Well, you must have at least heard about this girl.
没有     杰鲁德 说…  No     Gertrude says...
杰鲁德说的什么时候能让人相信？  When has Gertrude ever gotten anything right?
我是说 真的     夫人 别这样…  I mean, really.     Madam, please...
这女孩穿的这么破 而且还是个哑巴 她怎么可能是个公主呢  This girl shows up in rags and doesn't speak. Not my idea ofa princess.
要是埃里克想交个女朋友 我倒认识几个  If Maxs looking for a girl, I know a couple of...
很不错的女孩  highly available ones right here.
哦 埃里克 有点脑子好不好  Oh, Eric, be reasonable.
哪个好女孩会到处游泳去救人  Nice young ladies just don't swim around rescuing people...
然后又很奇怪的消失…  in the middle of the ocean, and then flitter off into oblivion like some...
我和你说啊 格林 她真的存在  I'm telling ya, Grim. She was real.
我一定会找到她 然后我打算娶她  I'm gonna find that girl, and I'm gonna marry her.
来吧 亲爱的 别害羞  Come on, honey. Don't be shy.
哦 埃里克 我不是做梦吧？  Oh, Eric, isn't she a vision?
天 你是这么漂亮  Uh, you look wonderful.
过来 过来 你一定很饿了吧  Come, come, come. You must be famished.
我来帮你 亲爱的  Let me help you, my dear.
来这…这来 嗯 这样好多了 现在舒服多了吧？  There... Oh, there we go. Eh, that's better. Now, quite comfy, hmm?
哈哈 很好  Ha, ha. Good. It's, uh...
我们这可不是经常有这么可爱的客人的 是吧 埃里克？  It's, uh, not often that we have such a lovely dinner guest, eh, Eric?
哦 你喜欢吗 这很不错  Uh, do you like it? It is rather a fine one.
哦 我     很抱歉 格林  Oh, my.     Sorry, Grim.
为什么 埃里克 这是这几周来第一次笑  Why, Eric, that's the first time I've seen you smile in weeks.
啊 很有趣  Ah, very amusing.
卡洛塔 亲爱的 晚餐吃什么？  Carlotta, my dear, what's for dinner?
啊 你们会喜欢的 切夫做了他的拿手菜：螃蟹  Oh, you're gonna love it Chef's been fixing his speciality: stuffed crab.
莫里斯 谢瓦利埃  Maurice Chevaller
我多喜欢这职位  How I love les poissons
热爱做海鲜  Love to chop and to serve little fish
首先我要砍下它的头 然后我抽出骨头  First I cut off their heads Then I pull out their bones
用这把刀 把他们一砍两段  With the cleaver I hack them in two
把他们的肚子清理干净 然后用油炸  I pull out what's inside and I serve it up fried
上帝啊 我真的喜欢小鱼 你不喜欢吗  God, I love little fishes Don't you
和这些经典的技术相比  Here's something for tempting the palate
这些东西真的很吸引人  Prepare din the classic technique
首先用这个棒子拍扁了  First you pound the fish flat with the mallet
然后驳下皮 再切成薄片  Then yous lash through the skin Give the bell ya slice
然后洒点盐 有点咸味好吃  Then you rub some salt in cause that make sit taste nice
哦     天哪 我好象漏了一个  Oh.     Zut alors! I have missed one.
看看这是什么？  Sacrebleu What is this
怎么能漏了这个可爱多汁的螃蟹呢  How on earth could I miss such a sweet little succulent crab
加点作料 洒点盐  Quel dommage, what a loss Here we go in the sauce
然后再轻轻拍上点盐  Now some flour I think just a dab
再来点面包渣 你不会觉得疼的 你已经死了  Now I'll stuff you with bread It don't hurt cause you're dead
接下来你会觉得很幸运  and you're certainly lucky you are
因为你就要到我的大银锅里了  Cause it's gonna be hot in my big silver pot
嗯？  Eh?
这是什么？哦  What is this? Ow
哦 哦 哦  Yeow Oh, ow, ow, oh
我想我最好去看看 路易在楼上干什么呢  I think I'd better go see what Louie is up to.
出来 你这个小东西 是男人就出来  Come out, you little pipsqueak, and fight like a man
路易     哦  Louie     Ow.
你干什么呢？     没事 我就是 啊 啊…  What are you doing?     Well, I was just, uh, uh, uh...
抱歉夫人  I'm sorry, madame.
你知道 埃里克 也许 咱们的客人想  You know, Eric, perhaps our young guest might enjoy...
参观一下我们的王国  seeing some of the sights of the kingdom.
去外面走走  Something in the way of a tour.
对不起 格林 你刚才说什么？  I'm sorry, Grim. What was that?
你不能总这么闷闷不乐 你得出去走走  You can't spend all your time moping about. You need to get out.
你得干点什么 有点活力 别光琢磨…  Do something. Have a life. Get your mind off...
放松 格林 放松 这是个好主意  Easy, Grim, easy. It's not a bad idea, if she's interested.
那 你什么意见？你想不想和我们一起  Well, what do ya say? Would you like to join me...
明天去参观一下我的王国？  on a tour of my kingdom tomorrow?
那太好了 现在咱们把这螃蟹吃了吧  Wonderful Now, let's eat before this crab wanders off my plate.
过来 伙计  Come here, boy.
毫无疑问  This has got to be, without a doubt...
今天是我这一生最羞辱的一天  the single most humiliating day of my life.
我希望你为我今天所做的感谢我 小妇人  I hope that you appreciate what I go through for you, young lady.
现在 咱们得计划一下怎么让王子吻你  Now, we got to make a plan to get that boy to kiss you.
明天 当他带你参观的时候 你要打扮的最漂亮  Tomorrow, when he takes you for that ride, you gotta look your best.
你要眨你的眼睛 就这样  You gotta bat your eyes, like this.
你要噘起你的嘴唇 就象这样  You gotta pucker up your lips, like this.
真是不可救药 这孩子 你明白吗？  You are hopeless, child. You know that?
绝对没希望了  Completely hopeless.
有什么线索吗？     没有 陛下  Any sign of them?     No, Your Majesty.
我们找了所有的地方  We've searched everywhere.
没有一点您女儿或者塞巴斯蒂安的线索  We've found no trace of your daughter or Sebastian.
好吧 继续找吧 每一处珊瑚 每一个贝壳  Well, keep looking. Leave no shell unturned, no coral unexplored.
任何人不许睡觉直到她安全的回来  Let no one in this kingdom sleep until she's safe at home.
是 陛下  Yes, sire.
天 我干了什么啊？我都干了什么？  Oh, what have I done? What have I done?
他吻了她了吗？     还没呢  Has he kissed her yet?     Not yet.
嗯  Oh
哦 茱蒂  Oh,Judy
嗨 弗劳德 吻了吗？  Yo Flounder Any kissing?
没有 还没有  No, not yet.
哦 他们… 他们最好快点  Hmm. Well, they'd... they'd better get cracking
快点 跑快点  Move over. Move your big feathers.
我什么也看不见     什么也没发生  I can't see a thing.     Nothing is happening.
就剩一天了 可这王子这么慢  Only one day left, and that boy ain't puckered up once.
好吧 就这样 叫做  Okay, all right, this calls for...
浪漫激励  a little vocal romantic stimulation.
后退  Stand back
天 应该有人帮帮那可怜的小东西 别让他这么痛苦  Wow. Somebody should find that poor animal and put it out of its misery.
哦 天 都是些没用的东西  Oh' Geez, man. I'm surrounded by amateurs.
求人不如求己  You want something done, you've got to do it yourself.
首先得创造那种情绪  First we got to create the mood.
鼓  Percussion.
弦乐 管乐  Strings. Winds.
歌词  Words.
你们看看她  There you see her
坐在你对面  Sitting there across the way
她说的不多 可她有种奇怪的吸引力  She don't got a lot to say but there's something about her
尽管你不知道为什么 只要努力就是了  and you don't know why but you're dying to try
你不打算吻这女孩吗？  You wanna kiss the girl
你听见什么了吗？  Did you hear something?
对了     你喜欢她  Yes     You want her
看着她 你知道你想要什么  Look at her You know you do
很可能她也想要的  Possible she wants you too
有个方法可以问她  There is one way to ask her
不用什么语言  It don't take a word
什么也不用说 去吻那女孩吧  Not a single word Go on and kiss the girl
和我一起唱  Sing with me now.
沙啦  啦  啦  啦 哦  哦  哦  Sha  Ia  Ia  Ia  Ia  Ia My, oh, my
这男孩太害羞 他不敢吻这女孩  Look like the boy too shy He ain't gonna kiss the girl
沙啦  啦  啦  啦 真可惜 太害羞了  Sha  Ia  Ia  Ia  Ia  Ia Ain't that sad, Ain't it a shame
太可惜了 他就要失去这女孩了  Too bad he gonna miss the girl
你知道 我到现在还不知道你的名字  You know, I feel really bad not knowing your name.
可能我可以猜出来 嗯 是不是米亚尔得？  Maybe I can guess. Is it, uh, Mildred?
哦 不是  Okay, no.
那是戴安娜？拉切尔？  How about Diana? Rachel?
艾莉儿 她叫艾莉儿     艾莉儿？  Ariel. Her name is Ariel.     Ariel?
艾莉儿？  Ariel? Oh.
这名字真美 好吧 艾莉儿  That's kind of pretty. Okay. Ariel.
现在是你们的好时间  Now is your moment
在兰色的珊瑚礁上漂流  Float in gin a blue lagoon
赶紧去吻她  Boy,you better do it soon
没有多少时间了     嗯 嗯 嗯 嗯  No time will be better     Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
她什么也没说 她什么也说不了  She don't say a word And she won't sa ya word
除非你吻了她  Until ya kiss the girl
沙啦  啦  啦  啦 不要害怕  Sha  Ia  Ia  Ia  Ia  Ia Don't be scared
你已经准备好了 去吻她啊  You got the mood prepared Go on and kiss the girl
沙啦  啦  啦  啦 别停下来  Sha  Ia  Ia  Ia  Ia  Ia Don't stop now
不要掩饰你自己也想吻她  Don't try to hide it how you wanna kiss the girl
呜啊 呜啊  Whoa, whoa
沙啦  啦  啦  啦 静静的漂浮着  Sha  Ia  Ia  Ia  Ia  Ia Float along
听着这歌声  And listen to the song
这歌声鼓励你去吻那女孩  The song say kiss the girl
沙啦  啦  啦  啦 美妙的音乐  Sha  Ia  Ia  Ia  Ia  Ia The music play
这歌声说 你应该去吻那女孩  Do what the music say You gotta kiss the girl
来吧 吻她 吻这女孩  Go ahead. Kiss her. Kiss the girl
为什么不去吻她呢  Why can't you Kiss the girl
去吻她啊  Go on and kiss the girl
过去     亲吻那女孩  Go on and...     Kiss the girl
呜啊 坚持住 我抓住你了  Whoa! Hang on, I've got ya.
干的好 伙计 太悬了  Nice work, boys. That was a close one.
太快了 这个小荡妇 嗯 她比我想象的厉害  Ah, she's better than I thought.
这样 这么下去 太阳下山之前他就会吻她了  Well, at this rate, he'll be kissing her by sunset for sure.
现在该我亲自出马了  Well, it's time Ursula took matters into her own tentacles.
特莱顿的女孩就应该是我的 我要让他着急  Triton's daughter will be mine And then I'll make him writhe.
我要让他象热锅里的蚂蚁  I'll see him wriggle like a worm on a hook!
埃里克？让我说一下  Eric? If I may say...
这女孩比你梦中的女孩好  far better than any dream girl is one of flesh and blood...
温柔 美丽 而且就在你面前  one warm and caring and right before your eyes.
艾莉儿  Ariel!
艾莉儿 醒醒 醒醒 我刚听说件事  Ariel, wake up! Wake up! I just heard the news!
祝贺你 我们成功了  Congratulations, kiddo, we did it!
哦 你这白痴在说什么呢？  Ooh. What is this idiot babbling about?
没错 就你们两个不知道了  Right, as If you two didn't know, huh?
整个城市都在传闻王子  The whole town's buzzing about the prince...
今天下午要结婚了  getting himself hitched this afternoon
你知道吗 他要结婚了  You know, he's getting married.
你才真是个白痴呢 我就是想先祝你幸福  You silly side  walker. I just wanted to wish ya luck.
一会见 我可不想错过婚礼  I'll catch ya later. I wouldn't miss it!
好了 现在 埃里克  Well, now, Eric.
现在看起来是我错了  It appears that I was mistaken.
那个神秘女郎看来是真的存在的  This mystery maiden of yours does, in fact, exist.
而且这么可爱  And she is lovely.
祝贺你 亲爱的  Congratulations, my dear.
我们打算尽快的结婚  We wish to be married as soon as possible.
是 当然 埃里克 可是 嗯 这需要时间 你知道的  Oh, yes, Of course, Eric, but, uh, these things do take time, you know.
那就今天下午吧 格林斯比 婚礼就在今天太阳落山的时候  This afternoon, Grimsby. The wedding ship departs at sunset.
嗯 很好 埃里克 就照你说的办  Oh. Oh. Very well, Eric, uh, as you wish.
多漂亮的新娘啊  What a lovely little bride I'll make
我是多么的非凡  My dear I'll look divine
事情向我设想的发展  Things are working out according to my ultimate design
很快这小人鱼和整个海洋都是我的了  Soon I'll have that little mermaid And the ocean will be mine
海底女巫 哦 不 她要… 我得…  The sea witch! Oh, no! She's gonna... I gotta...
艾莉儿  Ariel!
艾莉儿 我是飞来的… 我是…  Ariel, I was flying... I was...
当然我是飞来的 而且我看见了女巫…  Of course I was flying, and I saw the... the watch...
她在照镜子  The witch was watching the mirror...
而且用偷来的声音唱歌  and she was singing with a stolen set of pipes.
你听见我说什么了吗？  Do you hear what I'm telling you?
王子要和女巫伪装的人结婚  The prince is marrying the sea witch in disguise!
你确认吗？     我错过吗？  Are you sure about this?     Have I ever been wrong?
我是说 这都什么时候了？  I mean, when it's important?
我们怎么办？  What are we gonna do?
在第三天太阳落山之前  Before the sun sets on the third day.
艾莉儿 抓住  Ariel, grab onto that.
弗劳德 尽快带她到那艘船上去  Flounder, get her to that boat as fast as your fins can carry you.
我会的  I'll try!
我得让老国王知道 他得知道这些事情  I gotta get to the sea king. He must know about this.
那我干什么啊？我干什么？    你  What about me? What about me?     You!
想办法拖延婚礼  Find a way to stall that wedding!
拖延婚礼 怎么拖延？  Stall the wedding. What am I?
怎么办？对了  What? That's it!
快点 快点 咱们有很紧急的事要做  Move it! Let's go! We got an emergency here.
亲爱的…  Dearly beloved...
别着急 艾莉儿 我们能做到  Don't worry, Ariel. We're gonna make it.
我们… 我们快到了  We're... We're almost there.
嗯 埃里克 你愿意娶瓦妮莎  Yes, um, do you, Eric, take Vanessa...
作为你的合法妻子  to be your lawfully wedded wife...
一生一世永远在一起吗？  for as long as you both shall live?
我愿意  I do.
那么 你…  It being... And do you...
啊  Oh!
以上帝…  Then by the power...
离我远点 粘呼呼的小东西…  Get away from me, you slimy little...
哦 为什么你们这小东西…  Oh, why, you little...
啊？啊？  Huh? Ahh. Huh?
艾莉儿？     埃里克  Ariel?     Eric!
你… 能说话了？  You... You can talk?
你才是我要找的人     埃里克 离开她  You're the one.     Eric, get away from her.
我一直想着你     哦 埃里克 我一直想告诉你  It was you all the time.     Oh, Eric, I wanted to tell you.
埃里克 不  Eric, no!
太迟了  You're too late!
你们太迟了  You're too late!
再见 孩子     艾莉儿  So long, lover boy.     Ariel!
可怜的公主  Poor little princess.
我不是要对付你 我有更大的目标…  It's not you I'm after. I've a much bigger fish to...
娥苏拉 站住     唔  Ursula, stop!     Hmph!
为什么 特莱顿国王 你好吗？  Why, King Triton! How are you?
让她走     不可能 特莱顿 她现在是我的了  Let her go!     Not a chance, Triton! She's mine now!
我们之间有交易     爸爸 对不起 我… 我…  We made a deal.     Daddy, I'm sorry! I...
我不想这样的 我不知道会这样  I didn't mean to! I didn't know!
你瞧？这合约绝对合法 已经签署而且不可以违约  You see? The contract is legal, binding and completely unbreakable...
甚至对你这国王  even foryou.
当然 咱们也可以讲讲条件  Of course, I always was a girl with an eye for a bargain.
女儿对老国王来讲非常重要  The daughter of the great sea king is a very precious commodity.
所以我们可以交换一下  But I might be willing to make an exchange...
用你的王位  for someone even better.
埃里克 你要干什么？     格林 我已经失去过一次了  Eric, what are you doing?     Grim, I lost her once.
我不想再一次失去她了  I'm not gonna lose her again!
好了 咱们能成交了吗？  Now, do we have a deal?
哈哈 成交了  Ha! It's done then!
不 哦 不  No! Oh, no!
陛下  Your Majesty.
爸爸  Daddy.
这终于是我的了     不  At last... it's mine.     No.
你  You!
你这个妖怪     别干傻事 你这个小毛孩子  You monster!     Don't fool with me, ya little brat!
同意不同意 我要生气了… 哦  Contract or no, I'll blast... Ow!
你这个小东西     埃里克 埃里克 小心  Why, you little fool.     Eric! Eric, look out!
抓住他  After him!
上啊  Come on!
哦  Ow!
跟你的爱人说再见吧  Say good  bye to your sweetheart.
啊  Aah!
孩子 我可怜的孩子们  Babies! My poor little poopsies.
埃里克 你得赶紧离开这  Eric, you've gotta get away from here.
不 不不会离开你  No, I won't leave you.
你这个可怜的小傻瓜  You pitiful, insignificant fools!
小心  Look out!
现在我是大海的统治者  Now I am the ruler of all the ocean!
海浪要听我的命令  The waves obey my every whim!
埃里克  Eric!
大海和其所有的生灵都臣服于我  The sea and all its spoils bow to my power!
埃里克  Eric!
你们好好相爱吧  So much for true love!
她看来是真的很爱他 是吧 塞巴斯蒂安？  She really does love him, doesn't she, Sebastian?
是啊 就象我平时 经常说的 陛下  Well, it's like I always say, Your Majesty.
孩子们会有他们自己的生活  Children got to be free to lead their own lives.
你总说吗？  You always say that?
那么现在就只有一个问题了  Then I guess there's just one problem left.
什么问题 陛下？  And what's that, Your Majesty?
我会非常想念她的  How much I'm going to miss her.
啊  Aha!
太好了 谢谢 谢谢  Yes! Thank you. Thank you.
我爱你 爸爸  I love you, Daddy.
我们可以散步 我们可以奔跑  Now we can walk Now we can run
现在我们可以整天在一起 在阳光下  Now we can stay all day in the sun
只有你和我  Just you and me
让我成为  And I can be
你生命的一部分  Part of your world
淘宝店:智美教育 整理