海洋奇缘
混沌初开时  In the beginning.
世界只是一片汪洋  There was only ocean.
然后海岛之母特菲提来到了  Until the "Mother Island" emerged.
人间  Te Fiti.
特菲提之心有着世间最伟大的法力  Her heart held the greatest power ever known.
它能够创造生命  It could create life itself!
于是特菲提创造了人间的一切  And Te Fiti share it with the world.
可是后来 有人想要得到特菲提之心  But in time, some began to seek Te Fiti's heart.
他们相信只要得到了它  They believed if they could possess it.
也就有了创造万物的法力  The great power of creation would be theirs.
有一天  And one day
这些人中最勇敢的一位  The most daring of them all
飘洋过海去寻找这颗心  Voyaged across the vast ocean to take it.
他是个主宰风和海的半神  He was the demigod of the wind and sea.
他是个勇士  He was a warrior
也是个变形者  A trickster!
他那充满魔力的鱼钩法杖  A shape shifter who could change form.
能让他变化无穷  With the power of his magical fish hook.
他的名字叫毛伊  And his name was Maui!
她的心被偷走了以后  But without her heart.
特菲提开始瓦解  Te Fiti began to crumble.
并释放出了可怕的黑暗势力  Giving birth to a terrible darkness.
在逃跑的路上  Maui tried to escape.
毛伊遇到了火恶魔恶卡  But was confronted by another, who sought the heart.
恶卡也在谋求特菲提之心  Te Ka! A demon of Earth and Fire.
毛伊被从天空击落  Maui was struck from the sky!
从此了无踪迹  Never to be seen again.
他那神奇的鱼钩法杖  And his magical fish hook
和特菲提之心一起沉入了大海  And the heart of Te Fiti, were lost to the sea.
即使在一千年后的今天  Where even now, a thousand years later.
恶卡和海里的恶魔依然妄图找到那颗心  Te Ka and the demons of the deep still hunt for the heart.
那些隐藏的黑暗势力仍在四处流窜  Hiding in a darkness that will continue to spread
赶走了我们的鱼群  Chasing away our fish!
霸占了一座又一座的海岛  Draining the life from island after island!
迟早有一天  Until every one of us.
我们大家都难逃他们的魔爪  Is devoured by the blood  thirsty jaws.
注定要被他们吃掉  Of inescapable death!
但在那之前  But one day
会有人把那颗心找回来  The heart will be found.
他将扬帆起航  By someone who would journey beyond our reef.
找到毛伊  Find Maui.
带他跨越整个大海  Deliver him across the great ocean
归还特菲提之心  To restore Te Fiti's heart.
拯救全人类  And save us all.
好了好了 谢谢你妈妈  Thank you mother, that's enough.
爸爸  Papa
放心 谁都不可能离开这的  No one goes outside the reef.
这里非常安全  We are safe here!
这没有黑暗势力 这没什么怪兽  There is no darkness. There are no monsters.
怪兽！怪兽！    没有怪兽 没有怪兽  Monster! Monster! Monster!    There's no monster no monsters!
是黑暗势力  It's the darkness!
什么也没有 岛外面只有暴风雨  No, there is nothing beyond our reef but storms!
和汹涌的大海    我要吐了  And rough seas!    I gotta throw up!
只要我们大家都待在岛上  As long as we stay on our very safe island.
就会没事的  We'll be fine!
传说的都是真的  The legends are true.
总得有人去冒险  Someone will have to go!
妈妈  Mother
莫图鲁尼就是天堂  Motunui is paradise!
谁会愿意离开这？  Who would want to go anywhere else?
莫阿娜  Moana!
你在这干什么 莫阿娜 真把我吓坏了  There you are Moana, what are you doing? You scared me!
我真想回去那  But I want us to go back.
我知道 知道  I know, I know
以后不要再到海边去了  But you don't go out there.
那里很危险  It's dangerous.
莫阿娜 来啊  Moana, come on
回村子去  Let's go back to the village.
你早晚也会成为一位伟大的酋长  You are the next great chief of our people.
你还会做很多伟大的事 我的小宝贝  And you do wonderous things, my little Minnow.
没错 不过  Oh yes, but first
你首先要知道自己是属于哪的  You must learn where you're meant to be.
她来了  Moana
大家 让开  Make way Make way.
莫阿娜 你明白吗  Moana, it's time you knew.
这地方什么都有物资充裕  The village of Motunui is all you need.
我们舞伴在练习  The dancers are practicing
随着古老的舞曲  They dance to an ancient song.
古老的旋律比新的歌动听  Who needs a new song? This old one's all we need
保护传统是我的使命  This tradition is our mission.
这担子责任不轻  And Moana there's so much to do.
不要被树根绊倒 路上小心  Don't trip on the taro root. That's all you need.
分享所有的东西  We share everything we make.
有说有笑做个工具  We joke and we weave our baskets.
捕鱼的船渐渐靠近  The fishermen come back from the sea.
它在那里    不要走失  I wanna see.    Don't walk away.
莫阿娜你不要忘记  Moana stay on the ground now.
我们未来伟大领袖就是你  Our people will need a chief and there you are
到那一天  There comes a day.
没人陪伴在你身边  When you're gonna look around.
你就会明白最快乐的是你家  And realize happiness is where you are.
你看看这些椰子  Consider the coconut!
这一片树林  Consider it's tree
椰子的每一个部分  We use each part of the coconut.
都有价值  That's all we need.
椰子壳可以做鱼网  We make our nets from the fibers.
椰汁可口又清凉  The water is sweet inside.
椰子树干能把火生  We use the leaves to build fires.
叶子能够做好菜  We cook up the meat inside.
你看看这些椰子  Consider the coconuts!
树干和叶子多的是  The trunks and the leaves!
这小岛给我们所需  The island gives us what we need.
不要离去    就在这里  And no one leaves.    That's right we stay.
安全又有丰厚物资  We're safe and we're well provided.
带领我们美好未来  And when we look to the future
全靠你  There you are.
直到一天  You'll be okay.
你会了解人生意义  In time you'll learn just as I did.
人生的快乐在你的家  You must find happiness right where you are!
我爱随着海浪舞蹈  I like to dance with the water.
高高低低的浪花  The undertow and the waves.
那海水非常顽皮  The water is mischievous, ha!
它脾气没法估计  I like how it misbehaves.
他们都说我太疯狂  The village may think I'm crazy.
也说我不守故址  Or say that I drift too far.
但我很了解自己 我有追寻  But once you know what you like. Well, there you are.
有其父必有其女  You are your father's daughter.
我自己注意  Stubbornness and pride.
他的教导虽有道理  Mind what he says, but remember.
你要听从你的心  You may hear a voice inside..
到那时它会呼唤你 去追寻那颗星星  And if the voice starts to whisper To follow the farthest star
会明白哪个才是真正的你  Moana, that voice inside is who you are
爸爸  Dad!
我只是在看看那些船  I was only looking at the boats.
我没打算要上去  I wasn't gonna get on them.
来吧  Come on.
跟我一起去个地方  There's something I need to show you.
从你出生时起 我就一直想带你来这的  I've wanted to bring you here from the moment you opened your eyes.
这里是个神圣的地方  This is a sacred place.
每代酋长都来过  A place of Chiefs.
总有一天  There will come a time
你也会站在这里 给这座山  When you will stand on this peak and place
添上一块石头的  A stone on this mountain.
像我一样  Like I did.
我的父亲  Like my father did.
他的父亲 每一代酋长都这样做  And his father and every chief that has ever been.
你要知道  And on that day
当你把石头放上去的时候  When you're at your stone.
这整座岛又会变得高一点  You will raise this whole island higher.
你是我们族人的未来 莫阿娜  You are the future of our people, Moana.
他们不在别的地方  And they are not out there.
就在我们这里  There are right here.
是该你为他们做事的时候了  It's time to be who they need you to be.
椰子可以做捕鱼网    可以做捕鱼网  We make our nets from the fibers.    We weave our nets from the fibers
椰汁又清凉    里面有甜蜜椰汁  The water is sweet inside.    The real taste of tree's inside.
我们用叶子把火生    我们一起来把歌唱  We use the leaves to build fires.    We sing these songs in our choirs.
能够做好菜    一天忙碌生活  And cook up the meat inside.    We have mouths to feed inside.
村民都相信我们    对啊  The village believe in us.    That's right!
村民都相信  The village believe!
这小岛给我们所需  The island gives us what we need.
不用离去 就在这里  And no one leaves! So here I'll stay.
与我们的家人在一起  My home, my people beside me.
我的未来就在这里  And when I think of tomorrow.
我的家  There we are.
我的带领  I lead the way.
也需要你们的指引  I'll have my people to guide me.
一起把未来去建立  We'll build our future together.
我的家  Where we are.
每一条路的终点都是  'Cause every path leads you back to.
我的家  Where you are.
在这里最快乐的是    我的家  You can find happiness right    Where you are
我的家  Where you are.
尽管我加盖了很多树叶 可每次下雨还是会漏水  Every storm, this roof leaks no matter how many fronds I add.
修好了  Fixed!
不是叶子的问题  Knot the fronds!
是风把柱子吹偏了  Wind shifted the post.
这猪肉真不错  That's good pork!
不是说你  Oh, I mean
我的意思是  No, I wasn't
什么？他们在叫我 我得走了  What? They're calling me! So I gotta
拜拜  Bye!
你真棒  You're doing great.
还没结束吗？  Is it done yet?
就快结束了  So close.
我很好奇为什么那只鸡  I'm curious about that chicken.
喜欢吃石头  Eating the rock!
它看起来好像已经完全  I think he seems to lack the basic intelligence required for
丧失理智了  Pretty much everything.
也许我们应该  Should we maybe just
拿它做盘菜？  Cook him?
有时候我们需要透过现象看本质  Sometimes our strengths lie beneath the surface
不过不一定  Far beneath
能看得到  In some cases.
但我相信它肯定不会像看上去那么傻  But I'm sure there's more to Hei  hei than meets the eye!
这是今天摘的  It's the harvest.
早上我在剥椰子的时候  This morning,I was husking the coconuts and
那么  Well
我们应该砍掉这些病树 然后开一个新果园  we should clear the diseased treesand we will start a new grove.
就在那儿  There!
谢谢 莫阿娜  Thanks, Moana.
她可真棒  She's doing great!
这很适合你  This suits you.
酋长  Chief!
我相信你应该看看这个  There's something you need to see.
这是我们在东礁湖设的捕鱼篓  Our traps in the east lagoon.
最近能捕到的鱼越来越少了  They're pulling out less and less fish.
那就换个地方试试  Then we'll rotate the fishing grounds.
试过了 还是没有鱼  We have. There's no fish.
那就去岛的那一边试试  Then we'll fish the far side of the island.
也试过了  We tried.
迎风的那边？  The windward side?
还有背风的那边  And the leeward side.
浅礁 沟渠  The shallows, the channel.
整个礁湖我们都试过了  We've tried the whole lagoon!
就是找不到鱼  They're just gone.
好吧 你们有没有试过换换鱼饵呢？  Well, have you tried using a different bait?
我觉得不是鱼饵的问题  I don't think it's the bait.
情况好像越来越糟了  It seems like it's getting worse and worse.
当然 我能理解你在担心什么  Of course I understand you have reason to concern.
我会和长老们商量的  I will talk to the counselor.
我们一定会    我们  I'm sure we ca    What if
为什么不能出海捕鱼  We fished beyond the reef.
从来没有人出过海  No one goes beyond the reef.
我知道 但如果礁湖里真的没有鱼了  I know! But if there are no fish in the lagoon
莫阿娜    还有那么大一片海呢  Moana!    And there's a whole ocean
我们要遵守规则  We have one rule!
可那是有鱼的时候制定的规则  An old rule when there were fish!
它能确保我们的安全  A rule that keeps us safe!
可是 爸爸    而不是像你说的那样  But dad    Instead of endangering our people
让大家以身犯险  So you can run right back to the water!
我还以为你放弃了离岛的念头  Every time, I think you're past this.
所有人都不许离开这座岛  No one goes beyond the reef!
你不该当着你爸爸的面  Well, it's not like you said it in front of your dad
提出海的事情  Standing on a boat.
我说的是出海捕鱼  I didn't say go beyond the reef.
又不是要去冒险  Because I want to be on the ocean.
但你还是想去  But you still do.
你爸爸生你的气是因为    是因为他不懂我  He's hard on you, because    Because he doesn't get me.
是因为他也曾跟你一样  Because he was you.
对大海着迷  Drawn to the ocean.
想去海上  Down by the shore.
莫阿娜 他曾经驾着独木舟  He took a canoe, Moana.
绕过那片礁石  He crossed the reef.
驶入了一片危险的海域  And found an unforgiving sea.
那里的浪像山一样高  Waves like mountains.
他最好的朋友非要跟他一起出海  His best friend begged to be on that boat.
但你爸爸没能救回他  Your dad couldn't save him.
现在他不想让你重蹈覆辙  He's hoping he can save you.
有时候我们总想着  Sometimes, who we wish we were
要做些大事  What we wish we could do
却忘了该做些什么  It's just not meant to be.
我每天总喜欢眺望这海洋  I've been staring at the edge of the water.
没有尽头的彼方  Long as I can remember.
却不明白为什么  Never really knowing why.
也许你希望我听你的话  I wish I could be the perfect daughter.
我也曾经努力的尝试  But I come back to the water.
我还是回到这海洋  No matter how hard I try.
每一个转弯 每一个路段  Every turn I take, every trail I track.
每一次选择 每一次失望  Every path I make, every road leads back.
不怕多困难 那熟悉的地方  To the place I know where I cannot go.
是我的渴望  Where I long to be.
我听到地平线的那一边  See the line where the sky meets the sea?
呼唤我  It calls me.
谁会知道  And no one knows.
能走多远  How far it goes.
乘着风 迎着浪 扬着帆  If the wind in my sail on the sea stays behind me.
终会知道  One day I'll know.
我要走的路不管有多远也好  If I go there's just no telling how far I'll go.
虽然在这海岛每一个人仿佛开心没有忧愁  I know everybody on this island seems so happy, on this island
所有事都被安排  Everything is by design
虽然海岛上的每一个人都有他们的责任  I know everybody on this island has a role, on this island.
也许我有自己主张  So maybe I can roll with mine.
我可以带领 让你们坚强  I can lead with pride, I can make us strong.
也可以妥协 不再有期望  I'll be satisfied if I play along.
我心中想起另一个声音  But the voice inside sings a different song.
我不能自已  What is wrong with me?
那海岸在闪烁很耀眼  See the light as it shines on the sea?
的光芒  It's blinding.
谁会知道  But no one knows.
海有多深  How deep it goes.
仿佛它在等待我的回应  And it seems like it's calling out to me.
我在这里  So come find me.
请告诉我  And let me know.
我应该期待什么是未来  What's beyond that line, will I cross that line?
在那地平线的另一边  See the line where the sky meets the sea?
呼唤我  It calls me.
谁会知道  And no one knows.
能走多远  How far it goes.
乘着风 迎着浪 扬着帆勇敢前行  If the wind in my sail on the sea stays behind me.
总会知道  One day I'll know.
能走多远  How far I'll go.
别担心 胖胖  Okay, Pua.
相信我  I can do this.
出海肯定能捕到更多的鱼  There's more fish beyond the reef.
我相信肯定能的  There's more beyond the reef.
没那么糟嘛  Not so bad!
胖胖  Pua!
不管发生了什么事  Whatever just happened.
就说是胖胖干的  Blame it on the pig!
奶奶  Grandma!
你会告诉爸爸吗？  Are you gonna tell dad.
我是他妈  I'm his mom.
不用事事都跟他汇报  I don't have to tell him anything.
他说得对  He was right.
海上很危险  About going out there.
我也应该接任酋长了  It's time to put my stone on the mountain.
好呀  Okay!
那就回村子去  Well, then head on back
把你的石头放上去  Put that stone up there.
你为什么不劝阻我呢  Why aren't you trying to talk me out of it?
你说了那是你想做的事  You said that's what you wanted.
没错呀  It is.
等我死了  When I die.
我想要变成一条黄貂鱼  I'm going to come back as one of these.
不然我背上的刺青就白刺了  Or I chose the wrong tattoo.
你今天怎么怪怪的？  Why you're acting weird?
我是村里的怪奶奶啊  I'm the village crazy, lady.
这才是我嘛  That's my job.
如果你有什么话想跟我说  If there's something you want to tell me.
就直说吧  Just tell me.
您有什么话想跟我说吗？  Is there something you want to tell me?
你想听我说什么啊？  Is there something you want to hear?
我们族人的故事你都已经听过了  You've been told all our people stories.
可这个除外  But one.
这是哪儿啊？  What is this place?
你真以为我们的祖辈从来没有出过海吗？  Do you really think our ancestors stayed within the reef?
里面有什么呢？  What's in there?
有你  The answer.
一直在苦苦寻找的答案  To the question you keep asking yourself.
你想要做什么样的人  Who are you meant to be.
走进去  Go inside.
敲敲鼓  Bang the drum.
你就能找到答案  And find out.
对了 敲敲  Bang the drum.
看太阳高高在上  We read the wind and sky.
风吹散云彩  When the sun is high.
我们在大海航行 迎着风前进  We sail the length of the seas on the ocean breeze.
在夜里数每颗星能找到方向  At night we name every star. We know where we are.
知道我是谁  We know who we are.
我是谁  Who we are.
定好了目的地  We set a course to find.
每一次出行找寻新天地  A brand new island everywhere we roam.
家乡的模样放心里  We keep our island in our mind.
时间到了就回家  And when it's time to find home.
千山万水  We know the way.
我们去探索每一个符号  We are explorers reading every sign.
这里有我们的祖先  We tell the stories of our elders.
古老的故事与传承  In a never ending chain.
千山万水  Nae ko hakilia. We know the way!
我们是航海者  We were voyagers.
我们是航海者  We were voyagers!
后来发生了什么？  Why'd we stop?
是毛伊  Maui!
在他偷走了特菲提之心后  When he stole from the Mother Island.
黑暗降临到了人间  Darkness fell.
恶卡苏醒了  Te Ka awoke.
海底的怪兽吞噬了渔船  Monsters lurked and boats stopped coming back.
为了族人的安全 历代酋长都下令  To protect our people, the ancient chiefs
禁止航海  Forbid voyaging.
于是人们渐渐忘记了自己是航海者的后代  And now we have forgotten who we are.
然而黑暗势力仍在不断扩张  And the darkness has continued to spread.
他们赶走了我们的鱼群  Chasing away our fish.
霸占了  Draining the life
一座又一座海岛  From island after island.
我们的岛  Our island
但是 终有一天  But one day
有人会重新扬帆起航  Someone will journey beyond our reef.
找到毛伊  Find Maui.
并带他跨越整片大海  Deliver him across the great ocean.
归还特菲提之心  To restore the heart of Te Fiti.
那天我都看到了你  I was there that day.
大海选择了你  The ocean chose you!
我还以为那只是个梦  I thought it was a dream.
不是梦  Nope!
我们的祖先相信毛伊就在那里  Our ancestors believed, Maui lies there.
在钩形星座的尽头  At the bottom of his hook.
朝着它的方向走 你就能找到毛伊  Follow it, and you will find him.
但是  But
大海为什么会选中我呢？  Why would it choose me?
我连怎么驾船出海都不会  I don't even know how to make it pass the reef.
但我知道谁能教我  But I know who does.
庄稼都变黑了  The crops are turning black!
那鱼呢？  What about the fish?
现在整座岛都是这样    安静  This is happening all over the island.    Please. please.
请安静    我们该怎么办？  Settle down!    What are you going to do?
我们会开垦更多田地  We will dig new fields.
找到解决方法的    我们能战胜黑暗势力  We will find a way to    We can stop the darkness!
拯救我们的小岛  Save our island!
我发现一个山洞里有船  There's a cavern boats!
很大的船  Huge canoes!
我们可以驾着那些船找到毛伊  We can take them, find Maui
让他归还特菲提之心  Make him restore the heart.
我们是航海者  We were voyagers.
我们应该重新出海  We can voyage again!
你说过族人需要我们的保护  You told me to help our people.
只有这样才能保护他们  This is how we help our people!
爸爸  Dad?
你要干什么？  What are you doing?
我早就应该把那些船全都烧掉  I should've burned those boats a long time ago!
不 不要  No! Don't!
我们必须找到毛伊  We have to find Maui.
然后归还特菲提之心  We have to restore the heart.
根本没有什么心  There is no heart!
这就是一块石头  Thisthis is just a rock!
不  No!
酋长  Chief!
你母亲不行了  It's your mother!
妈妈  Mother.
现在还能做什么？  What can be done?
快去  Go.
奶奶  Grandma.
快去  Go.
现在不行  Not now.
我不能  I can't.
你必须去  You must!
大海选择了你  The ocean chose you!
朝着钩状星座的方向走    奶奶  Follow the fish hook.    Grandma.
等你找到毛伊  And when you find Maui.
你就揪着他的耳朵  You grab him by the ear!
告诉他  You say
我是莫图鲁尼岛的莫阿娜  I am Moana of Motunui!
快上船  You will board my boat!
跨越整片大海  Sail across the sea!
归还特菲提之心  And restore the heart of Te Fiti!
我离不开您  I I can't leave you.
无论你在哪里 我都与你同在  There is no way you could go, that I won't be with you.
快去  Go!
我听见地平线另一边在呼唤我  There's a line where the sky meet the sea. And he calls me.
谁会知道  But no one knows.
能走多远  How far it goes.
曾经的不知所措的日子已经远离  All time wondering where I need to be is behind me.
全靠自己  I'm on my own
我往前走  Towards unknown!
每一个转弯 每一个路段  Every turn I take. Every trail I track.
都是我选择 不能有遗憾  It's a choise I make. Now I can't turn back.
过去多伟大  From a great unknown.
未来独自闯 我渴望那里  Where I go alone. Where I long to be.
她光芒照亮了这海洋 呼唤我  See her light of the night. in the sea, she calls me.
让我知道  And yes, I know.
能走得到  That I can go.
在天空的月亮与晚风陪我前行  There's a moon in the sky and the wind is behind me.
终会知道  So now I'll know.
能走多远  How far I'll go!
我是莫图鲁尼岛的莫阿娜  I am Moana Motunui.
快上船  You will board my boat.
我要带你跨越整片大海  Sail across the sea!
归还特菲提之心  And restore the heart of Te Fiti.
我是莫图鲁尼岛  I am Moana.
的莫阿娜  Of Motu nui.
憨憨？  Hei  hei?!
别害怕  It's okay.
没事的  You're alright.
看到了吧？  See?
我们走吧  There we go.
多棒的海水啊  Nice water.
大海是我们的朋友  The ocean is a friend of mine.
憨憨  Hei  hei?
憨憨  Hei  hei!
别动  Stay!
好了  Okay.
下一站  Next stop.
毛伊  Maui.
我是莫图鲁尼岛的莫阿娜  I am Moana of Motunui.
快上船  You will board my boat.
我要带你跨越整片大海  Sail across the sea.
归还特菲提之心  And restore the heart of Te Fiti.
我是莫图鲁尼岛的莫阿娜  I am Moana of .. Mo..tu.
快上船  Board my boat!
不  Oh, no!
不 不  No  no nono!
不  No!
大海  Ocean?
你能帮帮我吗？  Can I get a little help?
糟了  No no.
拜托  Please.
快点儿  Come on!
救命  Help me!
救命  Please!
什么情况  What?!
我说了我需要帮助  I said help me!
但你让大浪来袭击我的船？  And wrecking my boat?!
这也叫帮忙  Not helping!
就让你被鱼群臭死吧  Fish pee in you all day!
那么  So
毛伊？  Maui?
毛伊  Maui!
毛伊 主宰风和海的半神  Maui, demigod of the wind and sea
我是莫图鲁尼岛的莫阿娜  I am Moana of Motunui!
请上船吧  You will board my boat!
不  No!
快上船  You will board my boat!
没错  Yeah!
我是莫图鲁尼岛的莫阿娜  Hi, I'm Moana of Motunui.
快上    船  You will board my    Boat!
这有艘船  A boat!
老天爷赐给我一艘  The Gods have given me a
毛伊  Maui
万能的变形者  Shape shifter.
主宰风和海的半神  Demigod of the wind and sea.
我是莫图鲁尼岛的莫阿娜    男人们的英雄  I am Moana of Mo    Hero of Men.
什么？  Wha..What?
应该说毛伊是万能的变形者  It's actually Maui, shape shifter.
主宰风和海的半神  Demigod of the wind and sea!
男人们的英雄  Hero of Men.
不好意思打断你了 从头开始吧 人类的英雄  I interupted. From the top. Hero of Men.
开始  Go!
我是莫    等等 等等  I am Mo    Sorry, Sorry, Sorry, Sorry.
所有人  And women.
包括男人和女人 所有人才对  Men and women. Both! All!
这个可不分男女  Not a guy  girl thing.
你知道的 毛伊是所有人的英雄  You know? Maui is a hero to all!
再来一遍吧  You're doing great.
什么？  What?
不 我来这儿是    我知道  No! I came here to     Of course, of course.
好吧 好吧  Yes, yes, yes, yes.
毛伊对他的崇拜者总是很有耐心的  Maui always has time for his fans.
这种用鸟来写字的方式  When you use a bird to write with
叫做瞅瞅  It's called "tweeting".
我明白的 英雄可不是想见就能见到的  I know, not every day, you get a chance to meet your hero.
你可不是我的英雄  You are not my hero!
我来这儿也不是为了让你在我的桨上签名  And I'm not here so you can sign my oar!
我来这是因为你偷走了特菲提之心  I'm here because you stole the heart of Te Fiti!
现在我要你上船  And you will board my boat.
跟我一起把它还回去  Sail across the sea and put it back!
好吧  Yeah.
听起来你好像不太喜欢我  It almost sounded like you don't like me.
但这是不可能的 因为我已经被困在这里  Which is impossible because I got stuck here.
一千年了 就是为了  For a thousand years, trying to get the heart
给你们凡人寻找那颗心  As a gift for you, mortals
好让你们拥有创造生命的力量  So you could have the power to create life itself!
所以我猜你原本想说的是  Yeah, so what I believe you're trying to say.
谢谢    谢谢？  Is thank you.    Thank you?
不用谢    什么 不  You're welcome.    What? No, no, no.
我没有 我不会  I .. I didn't  I wasn't
我为什么要说谢谢    好啦好啦  Why would I ever say I mean    Okay, okay, okay
我知道发生了什么  I see what's happening, yeah.
面对这伟大的神明很奇妙  You're face to face with greatness and it's strange.
都不知道该怎么反应  You don't even know how you feel.
这是很可爱的  It's adorable!
我发觉人类一直没有改变  Well, it's nice to see that humans never change.
现在让你开眼界  Open your eyes let's begin.
要看清楚是我毛伊 请冷静  Yes, it's really me, It's Maui. Breathe it in.
我这完美的发型 身型  I know it's a lot the hair, the body!
当你盯着这优质神明  When you're staring at a Demigod
我只能说一句  What can I say?
不客气  Except you're welcome.
把潮汐 晴天送你  For the tides, the sun, the sky.
这很简单 很容易 不客气  Hey, it's okay. It is okay. You're welcome.
我只是一个普通硬汉子 嘿  I'm just an ordinary demi  guy, Hey!
我用手指把天空托起  Hey, what has two thumbs and pulled up the sky.
当你蹒跚前行有我扶持  When you were waddling yay high. This guy!
在寒冷夜里  When the nights got cold.
取暖的火都被偷走  Who stole you fire from down below?
有我在这里哟  You're looking at him, yo!
噢 是我让太阳升起  Oh, also I lasso'd the sun.
不客气  You're welcome.
让你多点开心日子  To stretch your days and bring you fun.
我能把狂风驾驭  Also I harnessed the breeze.
不客气 让船航行 树叶落地  You're welcome, to fill your sails and shake your trees.
这不过是小意思 不客气  So what can I say except You're welcome.
我让大地从海中耸立  For the islands I pulled from the sea.
不需要膜拜的意思 不客气  There's no need to pray, it's okay. You're welcome.
我只是单纯的做我自己  I guess it's just my way of being me.
不客气  You're welcome.
不客气  You're welcome.
啊 回头想一想  Well, come to think of it.
我其实可以一口气的  Kid, honestly I can go on and on.
把所有大自然的现象都解释  I can explain every natural phenomenon.
潮汐 草地 大地  The tide, the grass, the ground.
都是我毛伊所做的好事  Oh that was Maui just messing around.
我把海鳗狠狠地除掉  I killed an eel, I buried its guts.
种一颗树让你得到椰子  Sprouted a tree, now you got coconuts.
明不明白  What's the lesson?
有没有新启示  What is the takeaway.
就是当毛伊生气 你快点回避  Don't mess with Maui when he's on the breakaway.
你看我皮肤上的印记  And the tapestry here in my skin.
都是彰显胜利的标志  Is a map of the victories I win.
我到哪里 哪里就出现好事  Look where I've been, I make everything happen.
过去小气的小毛伊已变好脾气  Look at that mean mini Maui just tikitty tappin'
还是这句 告诉你 不客气  Well anyway, let me say, You're welcome
我把这世界变美丽  For the wonderful world you know.
这很简单 很容易 不客气  Hey, it's okay it's okay. You're welcome
我现在想起来我要出行  Well, come to think of it, I gotta go.
给你机会说声不客气  Hey, it's your day to say You're welcome.
我要借用你的船  Cause I'm gonna need that boat.
要扬帆而去远地 不客气  I'm sailing away away. You're welcome.
我除了漂浮 什么都最棒  Cause Maui can do everything but float.
不客气  You're welcome.
不客气  You're welcome.
谢谢你  And thank you!
放我出去  Hey, let me out!
你这个卑鄙的大骗子  You lying, slimy, son of a
不用谢  You're welcome.
不  No!
我可不想跟着个小孩去特菲提岛  I'm not going to Te Fiti with some kid.
我还得找回我的鱼钩  I'm gonna get my hook.
你有一个 但我没有 毛伊不能没有鱼钩  You have yours. And I'm not Maui without mine.
好了 去我背后安静会儿  Okay, talk to the back.
旅途小点心  Boat snack!
再见啦 讨厌的石头岛  Good riddance you filthy pile of pebbles!
不  Oh, no, no, no.
别那样看着我  Don't look at me like that.
那个山洞挺好的 她肯定喜欢  It's a beautiful cave, she's gonna love it.
而且我会好好  And I'm going to love you.
享用你的  In my belly.
不过得先让你长点肉  Now let's fatten you up, drumstick!
真是精彩的一跳啊  I could watch that all day.
好了 这座岛是你的了  Okay, enjoy the island!
毛伊号 出发    不  Maui, out!    No!
停下  Stop!
你必须把那颗心还回去  Hey! You have to put back the heart!
什么时候回来的  Did not see that coming.
我是莫图鲁尼岛的莫阿娜  I am Moana of Motunui.
这是我的船  This is my canoe.
你必须跟我去特  And you will journey to
好了 摆平了 我们得走了  All right, get over it. We gotta move.
她又回来了  And she's back.
我是莫图鲁尼岛的莫  I am Moana of Motunu
你叫莫阿娜 对吧    没错  It was Moana, right?    Yes.
你必须把这颗心还回去  And you will restore the heart.
好吧 我认输  All right, I'm out.
够了  Oh, come on!
你到底怎么回事  What is your problem?
你很怕它吗？    不  Are you afraid of it?    No.
我可没害怕  No. I'm not afraid
别多管闲事 不然我把你塞进腋窝  Stay out of it or you're sleeping in my armpit.
你也闭嘴 这根本不是什么心  You stop it. That is not a heart.
而是个诅咒 我一拿到它  It is a curse. The second I took it
就被击落到海里  I got blasted out of the sky
还弄丢了我的鱼钩  And I lost my hook!
让它离我远点儿  Get it away from me.
你是说这个吗？  Get this away?
我是个半神 知道吗？  I'm Demigod, okay?
你在这样 我就揍你了  Stop that! I will smite you!
你真的想挨打？  You wannna get "smote"?
挨揍？  "Smoten"?
听着 那玩意儿根本没有创造生命的法力  Listen, that thing doesn't give you power to create life.
它是死神的追踪器  It's a homing beacon of death.
如果不丢掉它 可怕的事情就会接踵而来  If you don't put it away, bad things are gonna come for it.
来找这个吗 特菲提之心？  Come for this? The heart?
你说的就是这颗心吗  You mean this heart right here!
快来拿啊  Come and get it!
你这样会害死我们的  You are gonna get us killed.
不 我要带你去特菲提岛  No, I'm gonna get us to Te Fiti.
让你亲手把它还回去  So you can put it back.
谢谢  Thank you.
不用谢  You're welcome.
卡卡穆拉  Kakamora.
卡卡什么？  Kaka what?
杀人不眨眼的小海盗们  Murdering little pirates.
不知道他们来这儿做什么  Wonder what they're here for?
看起来挺可爱嘛  They're kind of cute.
大海 拜托了 帮帮我们  Ocean do something, help us!
大海帮不了你 你得靠自己  The ocean doesn't help you. You help yourself!
拉紧升降索 绑好支索  Tighten the halyard. Bind the stays!
你不会驾船？  You can't sail?!
我  I
我是自学的  I am self taught?
你不是会变身之类的吗？  Can't you shape shift or something?!
没看到我没有鱼钩吗？  Do you see my hook?
没有鱼钩我什么都变不了  No magic hook, no magic powers.
他们的船变成了很多条船  Their boat is turning into more boats!
没错 那是我干的  Yup! I just did that.
不不  No, no, no, no!
憨憨  Hei  hei!
毛伊 他们拿走了那颗心  Maui! They took the heart!
那是只鸡  That a chicken.
那颗心就在  The heart is in the
我们得把它抢回来  We have to get him back!
毛伊  Maui!
那儿呢 就在那儿  There! Right there!
你转向了 你要干什么  You're turning?! What are you doing?!
逃跑啊  Escaping.
那颗心怎么办    别管它了 你拿不回来的  The heart!    Forget it, you'll never get it back.
况且你已经有了一颗更好的了  Beside, we got a better one.
嘿  Hey!
没有浆我还怎么划船  What do I gonna steer with?!
他们会杀了你的  They're just gonna kill you!
椰子小人儿  Coconuts.
拿到了  Got it!
嘿  Hey!
我们成功了  We did it!
恭喜你捡回一条命 姑娘  Congratulations, on not being dead, curly.
你让我大吃一惊  You surprise me.
但别指望我会碰那玩意儿  But I'm still not taking that thing back.
要到达特菲提岛  You wanna get to Te Fiti.
必须穿洋过海  You gotta go through a whole ocean of bad.
还可能会碰上恶卡  Not to mention Te Ka.
那个火山怪兽？  Lava monster?
你打败过火山怪兽吗？  Ever defeat a lava monster?
没有  No.
你呢？  Have you?
我可不想和一个凡人一起去找死  I'm not going on a suicide mission with some mortal.
没有我 你不可能把那颗心放回原处  You can't restore the heart without me.
而我已经拒绝了你  And me says no.
我要去找鱼钩  I'm getting my hook.
讨论结束  End of discussion.
你会成为大英雄的  You'd be a hero.
那才是你应该做的事情对吧  That's what you're all about, right?
小姑娘 我已经是大英雄了  Little girl, I am a hero.
过去可能是  Maybe you were but now
现在你就是那个偷走了特菲提之心  Now you're just the guy who stole the heart of Te Fiti.
让整个世界陷入灾难的小偷  The guy who cursed the world!
你已经不是英雄了  You're no one's hero.
不是吗？  No one?
但是 如果你把这个放回去  But, put this back.
你就拯救了全世界  Save the world.
就会成为所有人的英雄  You'd be everyone's hero.
毛伊  Maui! Maui! Maui!
你好伟大  You're so amazing!
没有鱼钩 我们到不了特菲提岛  We'd never make it without my hook.
因为我们不是恶卡的对手  Not pass Te Ka.
那就先去找你的鱼钩  Then we get your hook.
找到鱼钩 打败恶卡  We get you hook, take out Te Ka.
最后归还特菲提之心  Restore the heart.
除非你不想做回  Unless you don't wanna be
从前的毛伊 那个主宰风和海的半神 所有人的大英雄  Maui, Demigod of the Wind and Sea, Hero to all
首先我们去找鱼钩  First, we get my hook.
然后拯救全世界  Then save the world.
成交？  Deal?
成交  Deal.
就是想再试试  Worth a shot.
好吧 我们往东走  Okay, we go east.
去螃蟹怪的巢穴  To the lair of Tamatoa.
我的鱼钩肯定被那个眼尖的食底泥动物捡到了  If anyone has my hook, it's that beady  eyed bottom feeder.
教我驾船吧  Teach me to sail.
我的任务就是带你漂洋过海  My job is to deliver Maui across the great ocean.
所以我  I should
我应该来驾船  I should be sailing.
这叫寻路 小公主  It's called Wayfinding, Princess.
寻路可不像驾船那么简单  And it's not just sails and knots.
你不仅要知道目的地在哪儿  It's seeing where you're going in your mind.
还要清楚当前的位置  Knowing where you are.
和已经走过的地方  By knowing where you've been.
好吧 不过我可不是什么公主  Okay, first, I'm not a princess.
我是酋长的女儿  I'm the daughter of the chief.
没什么区别    有区别  Same difference.    No.
如果你穿条裙子 再带只小宠物  If you wear a dress, and you have an animal sidekick.
你就是公主了  You're a Princess.
所以你不是寻路人  You're not a wayfinder.
也永远不会成为寻路人  You will never be a wayfinder.
你不可能成为寻路  You will never be a way
不会吧  Really?
拿我的屁股当靶子  Blow dart in my butt cheek.
真是个小混蛋  You are a bad person.
你只要能讲话 就能教我  If you can talk, you can teach.
寻路法则  Wayfinding.
第一课 开始吧  Lesson one. Hit it!
拉帆脚索  Pull the sheet.
不是那根  Not the sheet.
不对  No.
不对  Nope!
不对  Nope!
不对  No.
那根你已经试过了  Tried that one already.
我让你做的是观星  You're measuring the stars.
不是和空气击掌  Not giving the sky a high five.
如果洋流是温暖的 就说明你的航向没错  If the current's warm, you're going the right way.
是冷的  It's cold.
等等 现在变热了  Wait, it's getting warmer.
太恶心了  That is disgusting!
你是故意的  What is wrong with you?!
我们到了  We're here?
看到了吧 都说了我能行的  See? Told you I can do it!
莫图鲁尼  Motunui.
我又回来了  I'm home?
莫阿娜  Moana!
爸爸  Dad?
莫阿娜  Moana!
妈妈  Mom?
救命  Help!
不  No!
莫阿娜  Moana!
美容觉睡得还好吧？  Enjoying your beauty rest?
要知道真正的寻路人从不睡觉  You know, a real wayfinder, never sleeps.
这样才能不偏离航线  So they actually get where they need to go.
打起精神来 小不点儿  Muscle up buttercup!
我们到了  We're here.
你确定你的鱼钩在他手里  You sure this guy's gonna have your hook?
螃蟹怪 我确定  Tamatoa? Oh, hell have it.
他就是个海底清道夫  He's a scavenger.
什么东西都要捡 还以为那样会很酷  Collects stuff, things that makes him look cool.
而且对于螃蟹怪来说  And for Tamatoa?
我的鱼钩肯定是最酷的收藏品  Trust me, my hook is the coolest collectible.
他住在那上面？  And he lives up there?
不 不  Oh, no, no, no
那里只是一个入口  That's just the entrance
通往拉罗泰  To a Lalotai.
拉罗泰？  Lalotai?
怪兽王国？  Realm of Monsters?!
所以我们要去怪兽王国？  We're going to the Realm of Monsters?
我们？  We?
不  No.
我自己去  Me.
你就跟另外一只鸡一起待在这里  You are gonna stay here with the other chicken.
明白我的意思吧 来击个掌  That's what I'm talking about, give me some!
来嘛 我说得多好啊 你没听明白  Come on, that was a good one, how do you not get it?
我是说她是个胆小鬼 就跟船上的那只鸡一样  I called her a chicken, there's a chicken on the boat.
我知道她是个人 但那可不是 还是算了吧  I know she's human! But that's not the You know what? Forget it.
别管它了 我不想跟你解释  Forget it! I'm not explaining it to you.
说明白就不好笑了啊  'Cause then it's not funny.
听着  So
酋长的女儿  Daughter of the chief.
我觉得你应该待在村子里  I thought you stayed in the village.
哄哄小孩 做做家务什么的  You know, kissing babies and things.
我只是不太理解  Hey, I'm just trying to understand
为什么你的族人要让你  Why your people decided to send
该怎么说呢  How do I phrase this?
来冒险  You!
我的族人  My people
他们没让我来 让我来的是大海  Didn't send me. The ocean did.
大海？好吧 选了一个不会开船的  The ocean? Makes sense! You're what? Eight?
小不点儿  Can't sail?
真够明智的  Obvious choice.
它选择了我  It chose me.
自有它的原因  For a reason.
如果大海够聪明的话  If the ocean's so smart
它为什么不直接把特菲提之心送回去呢  Why didn't it just take the heart back to Te Fiti itself?
或者帮我找回鱼钩  Or bring me my hook?
我想它肯定是疯了  The ocean's straight up pooky dooks!
不过它选择你应该没错  But I'm sure it's not wrong about you.
你可是天之骄子  You're the chosen one.
大海选择你肯定有它的理由  The ocean chose you for a reason.
如果你要唱歌的话 我真的会吐的  If you start singing, I'm gonna throw up.
我没看到什么入口  So, not seeing entrance.
因为只有拿人献祭以后 入口才会出现  Yes, because it only appears after a human sacrifice.
开玩笑的  Kidding!
真没幽默感  So serious!
不用担心 它比看起来要深得多  Don't worry. It's a lot farther down than it looks.
我还在降落  I am still falling!
你能做到的  You can do this.
跳  Go!
毛伊完美落地  And he's sticks the landing.
什么  What?
你傻了吧 她根本没下来  Dumb  dumb, she's not even here.
凡人可不敢跳进怪兽王国  No mortal's gonna jump into the realm of mon
她  Well.
死定了  She's dead.
好了 我要去找鱼钩了  Okay, let's get my hook.
毛伊的鱼钩  Maui's fish hook.
是啊  Yeah!
抱歉  Sorry!
我以为你是个怪兽呢  I thought you're a monster, but
不过我找到你的鱼钩了 你说得对  I found your hook! And you're right
螃蟹怪的确很喜欢他的宝贝    老实待着  This Tamatoa really likes his treasure.    Stay!
什么？不  What? No!
是我找到了你的    听着  I I'm the one who found    Listen
一千年来  For a thousand years
我一直留着这帅气的发型  I've only been thinking of keeping this hair silky
盼望着找回我的鱼钩 然后东山再起  Getting my hook, and being awesome again.
我可不想让一个凡人  And it's not getting screwed up by a mortal.
进到怪兽的洞里  Who has no business
去破坏我的好事  Inside of a monster's cave except
除非  Except
她可以做诱饵  Maybe as bait.
什么？  Huh?
这里真漂亮啊  Wow! The shiny, glittery cave.
就像我一样  And just like me.
到处都是闪闪发光的宝贝  It is covered in sparkly treasure.
闪呀 闪呀  Sparkle, sparkle
闪呀    你的演技真是太差了  Sparkle.    You're not selling it.
这也太蠢了 我要直接去拿鱼钩  This is stupid! I'm just gonna walk up and get it.
不等你靠近 他就会把你杀了  You go up there, he will kill you.
乖乖按计划来  Just stick to the plan.
等他出现了 你就缠住他  Oh, when he shows up, keep him distracted.
让他跟你吹吹牛  Make him talk about himself.
他很喜欢吹嘘自己有多厉害  He loves bragging about how great he is!
那你们俩应该合得来  You two must get along as well!
在我扯断他的腿之前的确是的  No. Not since I ripped off his leg.
你扯断了他的  You ripped off his le
毛伊  Maui?
看我找到了什么  What have we here?
这是个闪闪发光的  It's a sparkly, shiny.
等等  Wait a minute
是个人呢  It's a human!
你来这里干什么？  What are you doing down here?
这里可是怪兽王 看着我的一只眼睛 宝贝  In the realm of the mons Just pick an eye, babe.
你晃得我都忘了要说什么了  I can't I can't concentrate on what I'm saying
别晃 别晃了  If you keep Yep, pick one, pick one!
你真是个有意思的小玩意儿  You're a funny looking little thing, aren't you?
别碰 这是我奶奶给的  Don't! That's my grandma's.
“这是我奶奶的” 我奶奶被我吃了  "That's my grandma's" I ate my grandma!
那花了我整整一周 因为她实在是太大了  And it took a week 'cause she was absolutely humongous.
你在这里做什么？  Why are you here?
我很崇拜你  'Cause you're amazing!
我们人类都知道海底有一只  And we mortals, have heard of the tale of the crab.
很了不起的大螃蟹  Who became a legend!
所以我只是想知道  And I just had to know
你是怎么变得这么  How you being so crab
了不起的？  oulous?
你就想让我讲讲我自己的故事吗？  Are you just trying to get me to talk about myself?
如果真是这样  Because if you are
我很乐意讲讲哦  I will gladly do so.
让我唱给你听  In song form!
我不是一直那么出众与美丽  Well, Tamatoa hasn't always been this glam.
我曾经是小蟹一只  I was a drab little crab once..
我明白蛤蜊都可以很开心  Now I know, I can be happy as a clam.
因为我非常的美丽  Because I'm beautiful, baby.
古老的一句 相信你自己  Did your granny say listen to your heart.
只要闪亮 不靠外表  Be who you are on the inside.
我用四个字可以推翻这论据  I need three words to tear her argument a part.
这是谎言  Your granny lied.
我宁愿要闪亮 就像沉没海底海盗的宝藏  I'd rather be shiny like a treasure from a sunken pirate wreck.
擦亮甲板 就让它闪亮  Scrub the deck and make it look shiny.
就像珠宝挂在贵妇的身上  I will sparkle like a wealthy woman's neck
让我来告诉你  Just a sec, don't you know?
小鱼很愚蠢 看见闪亮的就追逐  Fish are dumb, dumb, dumb They chase anything that glitters
初级班 噢 看他们游过来  Beginners. Oh, and here they come, come, come.
向最闪亮的我追逐  To the brightest thing that glitters.
我的晚餐 这免费大餐  Mmm, fish dinners. I just love free food.
你是海洋大餐  And you look like seafood
不    大蟹饼  No!    Hey! Crab cake.
我回来了  I'm back!
毛伊登场了  It's Maui time!
想看点什么 伙计  What do you say, little buddy.
巨鹰？如你所愿  Giant hawk? Coming up!
毛伊  Well, well, well.
你小子不是会变形的吗  Little Maui's having trouble with his look.
这是什么假冒迷你神  You little semi  demi  mini  god.
哎呀 你的表现太差劲了 振作点行吗  Ouch! What a terrible performance. Get the hook! Get it?
你的法术已经失灵了  You don't swing it like you used to, man.
我全新的开始你也有功劳  Yet I have to give you credit for my start.
还有你漂亮的纹身  And your tattoos on the outside.
跟你一样 我让自己更有魅力  For just like you I made myself a work of art.
藏不住 因为我太闪亮  I'll never hide, I can't.
看我闪闪发亮像钻石那样  I'm too shiny! Watch me dazzle like a diamond in the rough.
看我全身是如此闪亮  Strut my stuff, my stuff is so shiny.
再多军队 我也不会觉得多  Send your armies but they'll never be enough.
我的外壳好坚强  My shell's too tough, Maui man.
你能试一试  You could try, try, try
可是讨价还价太麻烦  But you can't expect a demigod.
这样子太麻烦  To beat a decapod.
对不对  Look it up!
生命到尽头现在我要撕开小心脏  You will die, die, die. Now it's time for me to take apart.
你的那颗  Your aching heart.
你以为自己很重要  Far from the ones who abandoned you.
把所有的爱付出  Chasing the love of these humans.
人类他们把你抛弃  Who made you feel wanted.
你装作坚强  You try to be tough.
但你的内心其实很柔软  But your armour's just not hard enough.
毛伊 现在我要把你收拾  Maui! Now it's time to kick your hiney.
没有谁比我更闪亮  Ever seen someone so shiny?
没有关系 最后机会再看一次  Soak it in cause it's the last you'll ever see.
我就是注定那么的闪亮  C'est la vie mon ami, I'm so shiny!
在我吃掉你之前 你想不想  Now I'll eat you so prepare your final plea.
求求我  Just for me.
你才不会如此闪亮  You'll never be quite as shiny
你只是善良 不闪亮  You wish you were nice and shiny
嘿  Hey!
我有个宝贝给你  I got something shiny for you.
特菲提之心  The heart of Te Fiti.
你跑不了了  You can't run from me.
跑吧  Oh, you can?
你总能给我惊喜  You keep surprising me.
不过就你那两条细腿也跑不了多远  It's only so far you can get on these two little legs.
创造生命的法力  The power of creation!
就要属于我了  For a crustacean!
它在哪儿？  Where is it? Where is it?
我们快走  We gotta go!
那颗心怎么办  Well, what about the heart.
留给他好了  He can have it.
我还有一颗更好的  I've got a better one.
我找到了 等等  Yes, I have the  Wait a minute.
她在贝壳上涂了  I see she's taken a barnacle
发光海藻 想要分散我的  And she's covered it in bioluminescent algae.
注意力  As a diversion.
给我回来  Come back here!
嘿  Hey! Hey!
你们喜欢我唱的歌吗？  Did you like the song?
我们还活着  We're alive!
我们还活  We're ali
听着  Listen
我很感谢你在海底救了我  I appreciate what you did down there.
你很勇敢  Took guts.
但是 不好意思  But I'm sorry.
我在跟你说真心话 可你好像并没有认真听  I'm tryin' to be sincere for once, and it feels like you're distracted.
怎么会 不可能    真的吗？  No, no, no way!    Really?
你看我的表情就像是看到了一个  'Cause you're looking at me like I have a
鲨鱼头  Shark head.
什么 你有个鲨鱼头吗    其实我  Do you have a shark head? 'Cause I     Look
听着 重点是  The point is
你只是个小女孩 小不点儿 总之 你本可以置身事外  For a little girl, child thing, whatever who had no business being down there.
却帮了我一个大忙  You did me a solid.
不过你也是死里逃生  But you also almost died.
现在的我连那只愚蠢的螃蟹都打不过  And I couldn't even beat that dumb crab!
想要打败恶卡 简直是做梦  So chances of beating Te Ka, Bupkis.
所以我们肯定到不了特菲提岛  We're never making it to Te Fiti.
还是放弃吧  This mission is cursed.
不能放弃  It's not cursed.
鲨鱼头    绝对不能放弃  Shark head.    It is not cursed!
放弃吧  Cursed.
我只能跟你们说 我们死定了  What can I say, except we're dead soon.
我们死定了  We're dead soon.
你就不能再试试吗  Can you at least try?
巨鹰  Giant hawk.
没关系 我们死定了  Hey, it's okay, it's okay. We're dead soon.
好了 休息时间结束  All right, breaktime's over.
快起来    为什么？  Get up!    Why?
你又要长篇大论了  You're gonna give me a speech
告诉我我能打败恶卡 因为我是毛伊  Tell me I could beat Te Ka 'cause I'm "Maui"?
给我走开 小人  Take a hike, tiny.
你这些刺青是怎么来的？  How do you get your tattoo's?
我每做一件事刺青就会多一块  They show up when I earn them.
那块儿是怎么来的？  How'd you earn that one?
上面讲的是什么？  What's that for?
那是我帮人类发现了不你市  That's a man's discovery of Nanya.
不你市是哪儿？  What's Nanya?
就是不关你事  None ya business.
你不说我就一直问  I'll just keep asking.
它是怎么来的？  What's it for?
收起你的破桨  You need to stop doing that.
走开    告诉我它是怎么来的  Back off!    Just tell me what it is?!
我说了走开  I said back off.
是不是因为它 你的鱼钩才没了法力？  Is it why your hook's not working?
如果你不想说  You don't wanna talk.
那就别说了  Don't talk.
如果你想把我扔下船  You wanna throw me off the boat.
那就扔吧  Throw me off.
你想说我根本不知道自己在干什么  You wanna tell me, I don't know what I'm doing?
你说的没错  I know I don't.
我也不知道大海为什么会选择我  I have no idea why the ocean chose me.
你说得对  You're right.
但是 我的小岛正在消亡  But my island is dying.
我必须冒险  So I am here.
现在只剩下我和你  It's just me and you.
我想帮你  And I want to help.
可你不愿意让我帮你  But I can't if you don't let me.
我并不是天生的半神  I wasn't born a demigod.
我的父母都是凡人  I had human parents.
他们  They
他们只是看了一眼  They took one look and
就决定要把我扔掉  And decided they did not want me.
他们把我丢到了海里  They threw me under the sea.
就像什么事也没发生一样  Like I was nothing.
不知怎么地 天神们发现了我  Somehow I was found by the Gods.
还给了我这根鱼钩法杖  They gave me the hook.
是他们让我成为了毛伊  They made me Maui.
之后我回到了人类当中  And back to the humans I went.
为他们带去了海岛、火种、椰子  I gave them islands, fire, coconuts!
他们要什么我就给什么  Anything they could ever want.
你为他们拿了那颗心  You took the heart for them.
为他们做任何事  You did everything for them.
只希望能讨好他们  So they'd loved you.
可他们永远都不满足  It was never enough.
也许天神发现你是有原因的  Maybe the Gods found you for a reason.
也许是大海把你带到了他们面前  Maybe the ocean brought you to them.
因为它觉得你命不该绝  Because it saw someone who is worthy of being saved.
但是让你成为毛伊的并不是天神  But the Gods aren't the ones who make you Maui.
而是你自己  You are.
好了  Okay, okay.
我也爱你 伙计  I I love you too, buddy.
真棒  Yeah!
下一站 特菲提岛  Next stop, Te Fiti.
看什么？    我知道了  What?    I figured it out
其实大海让我拉来那些岛屿  You know the ocean used to love when I pulled up islands.
是为了让你的祖先们在航海时发现它们  'Cause your ancestors would sail our seas. Find them!
然后在岛上建立村庄  All those new lands, new villages
所有的岛屿和村庄都因为大海而连在一起  It was the water that connected them all.
如果我是大海  And if I were the ocean
我也会选择一个  I think I'd be looking for a
卷发的酋长女儿  Curly haired, non  princess.
让一切都从头开始  To start that again.
你从来没有对我说过  That is literaly the nicest thing
这么感人的话呢  You've ever said to me.
也许你应该等到了特菲提岛再说  Probably should've saved it for Te Fiti.
已经到了  I did.
莫图鲁尼岛的莫阿娜  Moana of Motunui.
我想你  I believe.
已经成功地带着毛伊  You have officially delivered Maui.
跨越了整片大海  Across the great sea.
莫阿娜  Moana! Moana! Moana!
你好伟大  You're so amazing!
时间到了  It's time.
去拯救世界吧  Go, save the world.
毛伊  Maui!
你在干什么？  What What are you doing?
找一个更合适的入口  Finding you a better way in!
我们过不去的    过得去  We won't make it!    Yes, we will!
快掉头    不  Turn around!    No!
莫阿娜 停下    不  Moana, stop!    No!
你还好吧？  Are you okay?
毛伊  Maui?
我说了掉头  I told you to turn back.
我觉得我们能过得去  I thought we could make it.
我们  We?
我觉得我能过得去  I thought I could make it.
我们可以修好它  We can fix it!
鱼钩法杖是天神做的  It was made by the Gods.
你不可能修得好  You can't fix it!
下次小心一点就好了  Next time we'll be more careful.
恶卡只能待在障壁岛上  Te Ka was stuck on the barrier islands.
它是熔岩做的  It's lava!
不能碰水  It can't go in the water.
我们可以绕路过去  We can find a way around.
我不会再去了  I'm not going back.
什么 我们还得把那颗心放回去呢  What We still have to restore the heart.
我的鱼钩已经裂了  My hook is cracked.
再被击中一次 它就彻底毁了  One more hit and it's over.
毛伊 你必须归还特菲提之心  Maui, you have to restore the heart.
没有鱼钩法杖 我什么都做不了  Without my hook, I am nothing.
不是那样的  That's not true.
没有鱼钩法杖 我什么都做不了  Without my hook, I am nothing!
我们走到今天这一步 都是因为你当初偷了这颗心  We're only here because you stole the heart in the first place.
不 这一切都是因为大海说你  No, we're here because the ocean told you
与众不同 而你也就当了真  You're special and you believed it,
我是莫图鲁尼岛的莫阿娜  I am Moana of Motunui.
快上船 我要带你    再见了 莫阿娜  You will board my boat.    Goodbye, Moana.
跨越整片大海    我不能为了  Sail across the sea,    I'm not killing myself
证明自己而搭上我的性命  So you can prove you're something you're not!
归还特菲提之心  And restore the heart of Te Fiti!
大海选择了我  The Ocean chose me!
它选错了人  They chose wrong.
毛伊  Maui!
为什么要带我来这里  Why did you bring me here?
你选错了人  I'm not the right person.
去找个更合适的人吧  You have to choose someone else.
找个更合适的人  Choose someone else!
求你了  Please!
不  No.
你已经离家很远了  You're a long ways past the reef.
奶奶？  Grandma?
还好我选了黄貂鱼纹身  Guess I chose the right tattoo.
奶奶  Grandma!
我尽力了 奶奶  I tried, grandma.
可  I
我做不到  I couldn't do it.
这不是你的错  It's not your fault.
我不该让你一个人承担这么多  I never should've put so much on your shoulders.
如果你想要回家  If you are ready to go home.
我可以陪你回去  I will be with you.
你在犹豫什么  Why do you hesitate?
我不知道  I don't know.
有个女孩多么出众  I know a girl from an island.
她来自那个海岛  She stands apart from the crowd.
她爱海洋也爱家园  She loves the sea and her people.
大家都为她骄傲  She makes her whole family proud.
也许世界和你作对  Sometimes the world seems against you.
旅途上跌倒受伤  The journey may leave a scar.
但伤疤却见证了  But scars can heal and reveal
你的成长  Just where you are.
你爱的人能改变你  The people you love will change you.
你学的知识指引你  The things you have learned will guide you.
没有什么能阻止你  And nothing on earth can silence.
你心中的那个声音  The quiet voice still inside you.
当这声音轻轻地问  And when that voice starts to whisper
莫阿娜 你已成长了这么多  Moana you've come so far.
莫阿娜 现在  Moana listen.
你是谁你知道吗？  Do you know who you are?
我是谁？  Who am I?
我就是我 热爱着小岛  I am a girl who loves my island.
这海洋给我生命  I'm the girl who loves the sea.
与使命  It calls me
伟大的酋长是我的父亲  I am the daughter of the village chief.
我们的祖先越洋万里  We are descended from voyagers.
找到这里 然后给我  Who found their way across the world.
这启示  They call me
带领大家找到这地方  I've delivered us to where we are.
我的旅途漫长  I have journeyed farther.
我没有保留付出所有 但在心里  I am everything I've learned and more. Still it calls me.
我听到有个声音悄悄在  And the call isn't out there at all.
呼唤我  It's inside me.
像潮水涨退循环的交替  It's like the tide always falling and rising.
我回把你收藏在心底  I will carry you here in my heart.
给我提醒  You remind me.
路有多难  That come what may.
勇敢面对  I know the way!
我是莫阿娜  I AM MOANA!
我是莫图鲁尼岛的莫阿娜  I am Moana of Motunui.
快上船 我要带你跨越整片大海  Aboard my boat, I will sail across the sea.
归还特菲提之心  And restore the heart of Te Fiti.
恶卡不可能下到水里  Te Ka can't follow us into the water.
我们可以穿过障壁岛  We'll make it pass the barrier islands.
然后抵达特菲提  We'll make it to Te Fiti.
可惜你什么都听不懂  None of which you understand.
因为你只是一只鸡  Because you are a chicken.
不  No!
憨憨  Hei  hei!
不  No, no, no, no, no!
干得漂亮  Nice work!
特菲提  Te Fiti!
毛伊  Maui!
你回来了  You came back.
但你的鱼钩  But your hook.
再被击中一次就  One more hit, and
恶卡得先抓到我才行  Te Ka's gotta catch me first.
我来掩护你 小英雄  I got your back, chosen one.
去拯救世界吧  Go, save the world.
毛伊  Maui.
谢谢你  Thank you.
不用谢  You're welcome.
嘿 恶卡  Hey Te Ka!
鲨鱼头  Shark head.
莫阿娜  Moana!
把那颗心放进漩涡里  Get the heart to the spiral!
特菲提  Te Fiti.
特菲提消失了  It's gone.
恶卡  TE KA!!
让她过来吧  Let her come to me.
走过千山与万水追寻你  I have crossed the horizon to find you.
我了解你  I know your name.
他们偷走你心底的自己  They have stolen the heart from inside you.
却不能够定义你  But this does not define you.
这不是真的你  This is not who you are.
你是谁 你决定  You know who you are
谁才是真正的你  Who you trully are.
特菲提  Te Fiti.
小笨鸡还活着呢  The chicken lives.
很抱歉毁了你的鱼钩  I'm sorry about your hook.
其实 不管有没有鱼钩 我都是毛伊  Well, hook, no hook, I'm Maui.
特菲提  Te Fiti!
你最近好吗？  How you've been?
好吧 都是我的错  Look, what I did was wrong.
我真的很抱歉  I have no excuse.
对不起  I'm sorry.
要知道拒绝女神给的礼物可不礼貌  You know, it'd be rude to refuse a gift from a Goddess.
谢谢  Thank you.
你的宽宏大量让我不胜感激  Your kind gesture is deeply appreciated.
我会想你的 小笨鸡  Gonna miss you, drumstick.
你可以跟我们一起走  You could come with us, you know.
我的族人们需要寻路高手的指点  My people are going to need a master wayfinder.
他们已经有一位了  They already have one.
那就再见了 毛伊  See you out there, Maui.
那就再见吧 莫阿娜  See you out there, Moana
妈妈 爸爸  Mom! Dad!
莫阿娜  Moana!
我可能离家稍微远了点  I may have gone a little ways past the reef.
这才是你  It suits you.
她回来了    莫阿娜  She's back!    Moana!
胖胖  Pua!
莫阿娜  Moana!
定好了目的地  We set a course to find
每一次出行找寻新天地  A brand new island everywhere we roam.
家乡的模样放心里  We keep our island in our mind.
时间到了就回家 千山万水  And when it's time to find home, We know the way
我们去探索每一个符号  Aue, Aue. We are explorers reading every sign.
这里有我们的祖先 古老的故事与传承  We tell the stories of our elders in a never ending chain.
千山万水  We know the way.