魔发奇缘
这是一个讲述我死亡的故事  This is the story of how I died.
别紧张  其实这是个很有趣的故事  Don't worry, this is actually a very fun story.
更确切地说  我并不是主角  And the truth is, it isn't even mine.
主角是一个名叫瑞普兹的女孩  This is the story of a girl named, Rapunzel.
故事要从太阳讲起  And it starts, with the sun.
很久很久以前  Now, once upon a time,
天空坠落了一抹阳光  a single drop of sunlight fell from the heavens.
在这抹阳光中  And from this small drop of sun,
开出了一株金色的仙花  grew a magic, golden, flower.
它能治愈百病  抚平创伤  It had the ability to heal the sick, and injured.
看到那边的老婆婆了吗  Oh, you see that old woman, over there?
你最好记住她  You might want to remember her.
她算是个关键人物  She's kind of important.
几个世纪过去了  Well, centuries pass
在那不远的山水间  崛起了一个王国  and a hop skip and a boat ride away there grew a kingdom.
受人爱戴的国王和皇后统治着这片土地  The kingdom was ruled by a beloved King and Queen.
皇后就快分娩了  And the Queen, well she was about to have a baby,
可是她病了  but she got sick,
病得很重  really, sick.
她已命在旦夕  She was running out of time.
这时  人们通常期盼着奇迹的降临  And that's when people usually start to look for a miracle.
而这个故事里  期盼的是那朵金色的仙花  Or in this case, a magic golden flower.
早说了她很重要吧  Ahhh, I told you she'd be important.
这个女巫格特尔  You see instead of sharing the suns gift,
并没有和别人分享这太阳的馈赠  this woman, Mother Gothel,
而是独占了它的治愈能力  hoarded its healing power
让自己永葆青春容颜  and used it to keep herself young for hundreds of years.
她要做的只是唱一首特别的歌  And all she had to do, was sing a special song.
仙花闪耀  Flower gleam and glow,
魔力显现  let your power shine
倒转时光  Make the clock reverse,
带回往昔美好  bring back what once was mine.
带回往昔美好  What once was mine.
现在明白了吧  All right, you get the jist.
她一唱歌就变年轻了  很恐怖吧  She sings to it, she turns young, creepy, right?
找到了  We've found it!
仙花的魔力治愈了皇后  The magic of the golden flower, healed the queen.
一个健康的小公主诞生了  A healthy baby girl, a princess was born.
她有一头美丽的金发  With beautiful golden hair.
提醒一下  I'll give you a hint.
她就是瑞普兹  That's Rapunzel.
为了庆祝公主降生  To celebrate her birth,
国王和皇后放飞了一盏天灯  the King and Queen launched a flying lantern into the sky.
那一刻  一切都那么完美  And for that one moment, everything was perfect.
然而美好的时光戛然而止  And then that moment ended.
仙花闪耀  Flower, gleam and glow,
魔力显现  let your powers shine
倒转时光  Make the clock re... Huh!
格特尔闯进了城堡  Gothel broke into the castle,
偷走了公主  就这样  消失了  stole the child, and just like that... gone.
全国上下苦苦寻找公主  The Kingdom searched and searched,
却怎么也找不到  but they could not find the Princess.
而在密林深处  For deep within the forest
一座隐秘的高塔里  In a hidden tower.
格特尔待这个孩子视如己出  Gothel raised the child as her own.
返还吾之所失  ... save what has been lost,
带回往昔美好  bring back what once was mine,
往昔美好  what once was mine.
格特尔的仙花失而复得  Gothel had found her new magic flower.
这次她决定让它永不见天日  But this time she was determined to keep it hidden.
为什么我不能出门  Why can't I go outside?
外面的世界很危险  The outside world is a dangerous place.
到处都是恐怖自私的人  Filled with horrible, selfish people.
你必须待在这里  这里最安全  You must stay here, where you're safe.
明白吗  小花    明白了  妈妈  Do you understand, flower?    Yes, Mommy.
但这塔的高墙  并非密不透风  But the walls of that tower, could not hide everything.
每年在她生日那天  Each year on her birthday,
国王和皇后都会放飞成千上万盏天灯  the King and Queen released thousands of lanterns into the sky.
希望有一天  In hope that one day,
失踪的公主会回到身边  their lost Princess, would return.
那我猜帕斯卡没躲在这儿  Well I guess Pascal's not hiding out here.
找到你了  Gotcha!
第二十二次胜利  That's twenty two for me.
要不要改写成四十五局二十三胜  How about twenty three, out of forty five?
好吧  那你想玩什么  Okay, well, what do you want to do?
这可不行  Yeah, I don't think so.
我喜欢待家里  你也是  I like it in here and so do you.
别这样  帕斯卡  这里其实不错  Oh, come on Pascal, it's not so bad in there.
魔 发 奇 缘
早晨七点  又是平凡的一天  7a.m. The usual morning line  up
琐碎家务  先扫净地板  Start on the chores I sweep 'til the floors all clean.
抛光打蜡  洗衣拖地  洗洗刷刷  Polish and wax, do laundry and mop and shine up.
再扫一次  也才七点十五  Sweep again, and by then it's like 7:15.
读一二三本书  So I'll read a book, or maybe two or three.
画四五六幅画  I’ll add a few new paintings to my gallery.
弹吉他  做针线  烹饪煮饭  I'll play guitar, and knit, and cook and basically.
可我的精彩人生何时开始  Just wonder when will my life, begin.
午饭后  玩拼图  投飞镖  烤蛋糕  Then after lunch, it's puzzles, and darts and baking.
做纸工  跳芭蕾  下象棋  Papier  mache, a bit of ballet, and chess.
制陶器  学腹语  做蜡烛  Pottery, and ventriloquy, candle making.
然后伸个懒腰  画个草图  Then I'll stretch, maybe sketch.
爬个房梁  织条裙子  Take a climb, sew a dress,
再把书重读一遍  and I'll re  read the books.
若还有时间  我要再画些图  If I have time to spare, I'll paint the wall some more,
墙上肯定还有空  I'm sure there's room somewhere.
然后我把头发一点一点慢慢梳  And then I'll brush, and brush, and brush, and brush my hair.
永远待在老地方  Stuck in the same place I've always been.
我不停好奇  疑惑  幻想  And I'll keep wondering, and wondering, and wondering...
我的精彩人生何时开始  Wondering, when will my life begin?
明晚  灯光又将闪亮  Tomorrow night, the lights will appear.
一如每年生日闪耀的夜空  Just like they do on my birthday, each year.
灯光闪耀的地方究竟什么样  What is it like, out there where they glow?
如今我已长大  也许妈妈会让我出去  Now that I'm older. Mother might just let me go.
真想天天看到这美景  I could get used to a view like this.
莱德  快    等等  Rider, come on.    Hold on.
好吧  我爱上这景色了  Yep, I'm used to it.
哥儿们  我要一座城堡  Guys I want a castle.
干这行  总有一天你能买下一座城堡  We do this job, you could buy your own castle.
是花粉症吧  Oh, hay fever?
是啊  Yeah.
等等  别跑  Wait, wait. Hey, wait!
很难想象我住在自己的城堡里吗  Can't you picture me in a castle of my own?
我肯定能做到  'Cause I certainly can.
才早上八点  我们就得了这么大一笔  Oh, the things we've seen and it's only eight in the morning.
伙计们  今天可是个好日子  Gentlemen, this is a very big day.
好了  今天是个大日子  帕斯卡  This is it. This is a very big day, Pascal.
我终于决定了  I'm finally going to do it.
我要去问问她    瑞普兹  I'm going to ask her.    Rapunzel!
放下你的头发来  Let down your hair.
是时候了  It's time.
我知道  好了  别让她看见你  I know, I know. Come on, don't let her see you.
瑞普兹  我可不会在下面越活越年轻啊  Rapunzel, I'm not getting any younger down here.
来了  妈妈  Coming, mother.
欢迎回家  妈妈  Hi, welcome home, mother.
瑞普兹  你怎么做到每天拉我上来  Oh, Rapunzel. How you manage to do that every single day,
还从不失误呢  看起来太累人了  亲爱的  without fail, it looks absolutely exhausting, darling.
这没什么  Oh, it's nothing.
那这次怎么耽误这么久  Then I don't know why it takes so long.
亲爱的  我就是开个玩笑  Oh, darling. I'm just teasing.
好吧  妈妈  All right... so, mother.
你知道的  明天是个大日子  瑞普兹快看镜子  As you know tomorrow is a very big day. Rapunzel look in that mirror.
知道我看见什么了吗  You know what I see?
一位坚强  自信的美少女  I see a strong, confident, beautiful young lady.
看  你也在镜子里  Oh look, you're here too.
开玩笑的  认真你就输了  I'm just teasing, stop taking everything so seriously.
妈妈  我正想说  明天...  Okay, so mother. As I was saying, tomorrow...
瑞普兹  你妈妈觉得有点不那么年轻了  Rapunzel, mother's feeling a little run down.
给我唱首歌好吗  亲爱的  Would you sing for me, dear?
然后再说正事    当然  妈妈  Then we'll talk.    OH! Of course, mother.
仙花闪耀  魔力显现  Flower gleam and glow, let your power shine,
倒转时光  带回往昔美好  Make the clock reverse, bring back what once was mine.
抚平创伤  改变命运  Heal what has been hurt, change the fate's design.
返还吾之所失  带回往昔美好  Save what has been lost, bring back what once was mine.
瑞普兹    那么  妈妈  Rapunzel!    So, mother,
之前我想说  earlier I was saying that tomorrow
明天是个大日子  你还没回话呢  was a pretty big day, and you didn't really respond,
我就是想告诉你  明天是我生日  So I'm just going to tell you. It's my birthday!
不  不可能  No, no, no can't be.
我记得很清楚  你的生日是去年  I distinctly remember. Your birthday was last year.
这就是生日有意思的地方  That's the funny thing about birthdays.
一年一次  They're kind of an annual thing.
妈妈  我马上就满十八岁了  Mother, I'm turning eighteen.
我想要  这个生日我最想要的  And I wanted to ask, what I really want for this birthday.
实际上我想要  Actually what I want for...
瑞普兹拜托  别含含糊糊的  Rapunzel please, stop with the mumbling.
你知道我很讨厌说话含糊  You know how I feel about the mumbling.
什么也听不清  太讨厌了  Blah, blah, blah... blah. It's very annoying.
开玩笑的  你这么可爱  I'm just teasing, you're adorable
我爱你还来不及呢  亲爱的  I love you so much, darling.
我想去看那会飞的灯  Oh, I want to see the floating lights.
看什么  What?
我希望你能带我去看会飞的灯  Well I was hoping you would take me to see the floating lights.
你是说星星  Oh, you mean the stars.
不是这样的  That's the thing.
我画过天文图  星星是恒定不动的  I've charted stars and they're always constant.
但那些灯  But these,
出现在每年我生日的那天  妈妈  they appear every year on my birthday, Mother.
只此一天  Only on my birthday.
我总忍不住想  And I can't help but feel that they're,
它们是因我而在的  they're meant for me.
我要看看  妈妈  不仅是透过窗户  I need see them, mother. And not just from my window.
我要亲眼看看  In person.
我一定要知道那是什么  I have to know what they are.
你想出去吗  You want to go outside?
为什么  瑞普兹  Oh, why Rapunzel.
看看你  娇嫩如花  Look at you, as fragile as a flower.
脆弱如芽  Still a little sapling, just a sprout.
你知道为何要待在这高塔  You know why we stay up in this tower.
我知道  可是  I know, but...
没错  我要让你健健康康  安然无恙  That's right, to keep you safe, and sound, dear.
我知道总有这一天  Guess I always knew this day was coming.
你会想远走高飞  Know that soon you'd want to leave the nest.
快了  但时辰还未到    可是  Soon, but not yet. Shhh..    But
相信我  小家伙  妈妈最清楚  Trust me pet, Mother, knows best.
妈妈最清楚  Mother knows best,
听妈妈的话  listen to your mother.
外面的世界很可怕  It's a scary world out there.
妈妈最清楚  Mother knows best.
出门在外  麻烦总难免  One way or another, something will go wrong, I swear.
流氓恶棍  毒藤流沙  Ruffians, thugs, poison Ivy, quicksand.
食人族  毒蛇 瘟疫也会来  Cannibals, and snakes, the plague... yes.
还有恐怖巨虫  獠牙怪胎  Also large bugs, men with pointy teeth.
不说了  想想就心寒  And stop, no more, you'll just upset me.
妈妈会在这儿  给你保护  Mother's right here, mother will protect you.
所以宝贝听我一句  Darling here's what I suggest.
别瞎想  待在妈妈身边  Skip the drama, stay with Mama.
妈妈最清楚  Mother, knows best.
妈妈最清楚  没有庇护  Mother knows best. Take it from your mumsey.
你一个人难以生存  On your own, you won't survive.
衣着简陋  幼稚笨拙  Sloppy underdressed, immature, clumsy,
你会被别人生吞活剥  Please, they'll eat you up, alive.
很傻很天真  Gullible, naive, positively grubby.
很呆很无知  Ditzy and a bit, well, hmm vague.
再加上一点婴儿肥  Plus I believe, getting kinda chubby.
我这么说只是因为我爱你  I'm just saying, 'Cause I luv you.
妈妈懂你  妈妈会在一旁帮助你  Mother understands, Mothers here to help you.
我只有一事相求  All I have is one request.
瑞普兹    在  Rapunzel?    Yes?
永远别再提要离开这座塔的事  Don't ever ask to leave this tower, again.
好的  妈妈  Yes, Mother.
我很爱你  亲爱的  Ahh, I love you very much, dear.
我更爱你  I love you more.
天底下我最爱你  I love you most.
别忘了  Don't forget it.
不然你会后悔  You'll regret it.
妈妈  Motherrrrrrr.
最清楚  Knows best.
一会儿见  我的小花  Ta, ta, I'll see you in a bit, my flower.
我一直都在  I'll be here.
遭了糟了  太遭了  No, no no. This is bad, this is very,
糟糕透顶  very bad, This is really bad.
他们总画不对我的鼻子  They just can't get my nose right.
管他呢  Who cares.
你们倒是站着说话不腰疼  Well it's easy for you to say.
你们俩都帅翻了  You guys look amazing.
这样  你们先推我上去  我再来拉你们  All right, okay. Give me a boost, and I'll pull you up.
先把包给我们  Give us the satchel first.
什么  我就是  Wha..? I just...
真不敢相信  我们在一起混了这么久  I can't believe, that after all we've been through together,
你们还是不信任我  you don't trust me.
现在把我们拉上去吧  小白脸  Now help us up, pretty boy.
不好意思  腾不出手了  Sorry, my hands are full.
什么  What?
莱德  Rider!
无论如何也要把背包夺回来  Retrieve that satchel with any force.
遵命  长官  Yes, sir!
我们就快抓住他了  马克西姆斯  We got him now, Maximus.
快走啊  蠢货  Heeyah! Come flea  bag, forward.
不行  No.
别咬了  No, stop it.
别乱来  Stop it.
给我  Give it to me.
总算清净了  Alone at last.
淡定  有个人在我衣橱里  Okay, okay, I got a person in my closet.
我衣橱里有个人  I've got a person in my closet.
我把一个人扔衣橱里了  I've got a person in my closet!
我还弱不禁风  不能自理吗  妈妈  To weak to handle myself out there, huh Mother?
问问我的平底锅吧  Well, Tell that to my frying pan.
瑞普兹  Rapunzel!
放下你的头发来  Let down your hair.
等一下  妈妈  One moment, Mother.
我有个大惊喜  I have a big surprise.
我也是  Uh, I do too.
打赌我的这个更惊喜  Oh, I bet my surprise is bigger.
那可不一定  I seriously doubt it.
我采来了防风草  I brought back parsnips.
晚饭给你做榛子汤  你的最爱  I'm going to make hazel nut soup for dinner, your favorite.
惊喜吧  Surprise!
妈妈  我想跟你说个事儿  Well mother, there's something I want to tell you.
瑞普兹  你知道我并不想吵完就一走了之  Oh Rapunzel, you know I hate leaving you after a fight.
尤其是错还不在我  Especially when I've done absolutely nothing wrong.
我一直在想你之前说的话  Okay, I've been thinking a lot about what you said, earlier.
但愿你别还在讲星星的事  I hope you're not still talking about the stars.
会飞的灯  没错  我一会儿会讲到这个  Floating lights, and yes I'm leading up to that.
我以为这事已经没什么好说的了  宝贝  Because I really thought we dropped the issue, sweetheart.
不  妈妈  我是想说  No Mother, I'm just saying,
你觉得我太柔弱 在外不能自保  you think I'm not strong enough to handle myself out there.
亲爱的  Oh darling, I know you're
你确实太柔弱不能自保  not strong enough to handle yourself out there.
但你只要...  But if you just...
瑞普兹  别再提这事了  Rapunzel, we're done talking about this.
相信我    瑞普兹  Trust me...    Rapunzel.
我清楚我能做什么    瑞普兹  ...I know what I'm    Rapunzel.
求你了  Oh, come on.
够了  别再提那灯了  瑞普兹  Enough with the lights, Rapunzel.
你别想离开这个塔  永远别想  You are not leaving this tower, ever!
好极了  这下我成坏人了  Oh, great. Now I'm the bad guy.
其实我想说  妈妈...  All I was gonna say, mother is that...
我知道我生日想要什么了  I know what I want for my birthday, now.
想要什么  And what is that?
一套新的颜料  就是上次你带给我  New paint. That paint made from the white shells
用白贝壳做的那种  you once brought me.
那得去好远  瑞普兹  Well that is a very long trip, Rapunzel.
得三天时间  Almost three day's time.
我以为这比看星星的主意要好些  I just thought it was a better idea than, uh, stars.
你确定能照顾好自己吗  You sure you'll be all right, on your own?
我知道只要在这儿我就是安全的  I know I'm safe, as long as I'm here.
我三天内就会回来  I'll be back in three days time.
宝贝  我很爱你  I love you very much, dear.
我更爱你  I love you more.
天底下我最爱你  I love you most.
好吧  Okay.
这是...头发吗  Is this... hair?
挣扎  挣扎是没用的  Struggling... struggling is pointless.
我知道你为什么在这里  I know why you're here.
但是我不怕你  And I'm not afraid of you.
什么  What?
你是谁  你是怎么找到我的  Who are you, and how did you find me?
你是谁  你是怎么找到我的  Who are you, and how did you find me?
我不知道你是谁  I know not who you are.
也不知道怎么找到你的  Nor how I came to find you.
但是请容我说一句  But may I just say.
嗨  Hi!
你好吗  How you doing?
我是福林·莱德  The name's Flynn Rider.
你过得好吗  How's your day going, huh?
还有谁知道我在这  福林·莱德  Who else knows my location, Flynn Rider?
行了  美女    瑞普兹  All right, Blondie.    Rapunzel.
放轻松  是这样的  Gesundheit, here's the deal.
我遇到了点麻烦  在森林里闲逛  I was in a situation, gallivanting through the forest.
无意间逛到了你的塔前...  I came across your tower and...
哦  不  我的包呢  Ho, oh no, where is my satchel?
我藏起来了  一个你永远也找不到的地方  I've hidden it, somewhere you'll never find it.
在那壶里  对吧  It's in that pot, isn't it.
你能别这样吗  Will you stop that.
现在藏得你永远也找不到了  Now it's hidden where you'll never find it.
那么  你想对我的头发做什么  So, what do you want with my hair?
想剪我头发吗    什么  To cut it?    What?
卖我的头发吗    不啊  Sell it?    No!
听着  我唯一想对你头发做的事就是  Listen, the only thing I want to do with your hair,
挣脱它  就这么简单  is to get out of it. Literally.
等等  你不想要我的头发  Wait, you don't want my hair?
我究竟为什么要你的头发  Why on earth would I want your hair?
听着  我当时正被人追着  Look, I was being chased,
我看见一座塔  我就爬上来了  没了  I saw a tower, I climbed it, end of story.
你说的是真的吗  You're telling the truth?
是啊  Yes.
我知道  我需要有人带我出去  I know, I need someone to take me.
我也觉得他说的是实话  I think he's telling the truth, too.
没有獠牙不像坏人  我该怎么办  Doesn't have fangs, but what choice do I have?
好吧  福林·莱德  Uh, okay Flynn Rider,
我准备和你做个交易  I'm prepared to offer you a deal.
交易    往这看  Deal?    Look this way.
你知道这些是什么吗  Do you know what these are?
你是说为公主点亮的天灯吗  You mean the lantern thing they do for the princess?
天灯  Lanterns...
我就知道这些不是星星  I knew they weren't stars.
明晚他们将用这些天灯  Well, tomorrow evening they will light the night sky,
点亮夜空  with these lanterns.
你做我的向导  You will act as my guide,
带我去看天灯  然后安全地送我回来  take me to these lanterns, and return me home safely.
之后  只有这样  我才会把包还你  Then, and only then, will I return your satchel to you.
这就是我的交易  That is my deal.
不可能  Yeah, no can do.
不凑巧的是  这会儿我在这国家其实  Unfortunately, the kingdom and I aren't exactly, simpatico,
不太受欢迎  所以我不会带你去任何地方  at the moment. So I won't be taking you anywhere.
冥冥中你来到了这里  福林·莱德  Something brought you here, Flynn Rider.
随你说是宿命或是定数    是一匹马  Call it what you will, fate, destiny.    A horse.
所以我决定相信你  So I have made the decision to trust you.
着实糟糕的决定  A horrible decision, really.
相信我  我告诉你  But trust me, when I tell you this.
虽然你能一块砖一块砖地拆了这塔  You can tear this tower apart, brick by brick.
但是没我的帮助  你永远也找不到你的包  But without my help, you will never find your precious satchel.
让我理一理思路  Let me just get this straight.
我带你去看天灯  I take you to see the lanterns.
然后送你回来  Bring you back home,
你就会把包还给我吗  and you'll give me back my satchel?
我保证  I promise.
我一旦许下诺言  就绝不食言  And when I promise something, I never ever break that promise.
绝不  Ever!
好吧  听着  我并不想这样  All right, listen, I didn't want to have to want to do this,
但你让我别无选择  but you leave me no choice.
让我先酝酿一下  Here comes the 'smolder'.
看来我今天得放假了  This is kind of an off day for me.
这种情况通常不会发生  This doesn't normally happen.
好吧  我带你去看天灯  Fine, I'll take you to see the lanterns.
真的吗  Really!
你坏了我的情绪  You broke my 'smolder'.
你不下来吗  美女  You coming, Blondie?
看外面的世界  咫尺之遥  Look at the world so close,
我就要来到  and I'm half way to it.
放眼望去  世界之大  Look at it all so big
我却不敢跨出一步  do I even dare?
看看自己  只需踏出最后一步  Look at me, here at last I just have to do it.
我该留下吗  不  Should I? No.
我这就下去  Here I go.
呼吸青草泥土香  Just smell the grass, the dirt.
正似我所梦  Just like I dreamed they'd be.
感受夏日和风徐徐  Just feel that summer breeze.
正是世界向我召唤  The way it's calling me.
生平第一次  我终于完全自由  For like the first time ever, I'm completely free.
我可以随心奔跑  疾走  起舞  I could go running, and racing, and dancing...
随意追逐  跑跳  跨越  and chasing, and leaping and bounding.
头发飘舞  心跳怦怦  Hair flying, heart pounding
水珠飞溅  天旋地转  and splashing and reeling.
终于感知  And finally feeling,
正如我生命的开始  that's when my life begins.
真不敢相信我做到了  I can't believe I did this.
真不敢相信我做到了  I can't believe I did this.
真不敢相信我做到了  I can't believe I did this!
妈妈肯定会气疯的  Mother would be so furious.
没事的  她不知道就没事  对吧  That's okay, what she doesn't know won't kill her, right?
我的天  她会担心死的  Oh my gosh, this would kill her.
这里太好玩了  This is so fun!
我是个坏女儿  我得回去  I am a horrible daughter, I'm going back.
我再也不要回去啦  I am never going baaaccckkk!
我是个卑鄙的人  I am a despicable human being.
人生中最美好的一天  Best day, ever!
我没办法不注意  You know, I can't help but notice,
你似乎内心很矛盾  you seem a little at war with yourself, here.
什么    当然我就零碎地听到一些  What?    Now, I'm only picking up bits and pieces,
保护过度的母亲  禁止出门  of course, over protective mother, forbidden road trip.
这的确是很严重的问题  I mean, this is serious stuff.
我来让你放轻松些  But let me ease your conscious.
这是成长的必经之路  This is part of growing up.
一点小叛逆  一点小冒险  A little rebellion, a little adventure.
都挺正常  甚至有利于健康成长  That's good, healthy even.
你这么想的  You think?
当然  你一路上都想得太多了  I know. You're way over thinking this, trust me.
你妈妈该容忍你出走吗  不能  Does your mother deserve it? No.
这会让她伤心欲绝吗  Will this break her heart and crush her soul?
当然会  但是你必须坚持  Of course. But you just got to do it.
伤心吗  Break her heart?
对一半    欲绝吗  In half.    Crush her soul?
就像这颗葡萄  Like a grape.
她会很伤心的  你说得对  She would be heart broken, you're right.
我是对的  唉  真烦  I am, oh my, oh bother.
好吧  不敢相信我会这么说  但是  All right, I can't believe I'm saying this, but...
我同意你终止交易  I'm letting you out of the deal.
什么    没错  What?    That's right.
不过别谢我  我们调个头  But don't thank me. Let's just turn around,
回你家去  拿上你的锅和青蛙  and get you home, here's your pan and your frog.
我拿回我的包  I get back my satchel.
你找回一段彼此信任  You get back a mother daughter relationship
美好的母女关系  based on mutual trust and viola!
而我们像陌生人一样就此别过  We part ways as unlikely friends.
不  我要去看天灯    够了  No, I am seeing those lanterns.    Oh, come on!
到底要怎样才能拿回我的包啊  What is it going to take to get my satchel back?
我会用这个  I will use this.
是流氓  恶棍吗  是来抓我的吗  Is it, ruffians, thugs? Have they come for me?
冷静  它可嗅得到你的恐惧  Stay calm, it can probably smell fear.
不好意思  Oh, sorry.
我好像有点反应过度了  Guess I'm just a little bit, jumpy.
不过  要能避开恶棍  流氓就最好了  Probably be best if we avoid ruffians and thugs, though.
恩  的确是这样  Yeah, that probably be best.
你饿了吗  我知道有个地方不错  Are you hungry? I know a great place for lunch.
哪里    很期待吧  Where?    Oh, don't you worry.
你闻到香味就知道了  You'll know it when you smell it.
通缉  福林·莱德  小偷
皇家的马  Oh, a Palace horse.
你的主人呢  Where's your rider?
瑞普兹  Rapunzel.
瑞普兹  Rapunzel!
瑞普兹  放下你的头发来  Rapunzel, let down your hair.
瑞普兹  Rapunzel?
瑞普兹  Rapunzel!
瑞普兹  Rapunzel!
我知道就在这附近  I know it's around here, somewhere.
就是这里  Ah, there it is.
可爱小鸭餐厅  The Snuggly Duckling.
别担心  非常新奇的地方  很适合你  Don't worry, very quaint place, perfect for you.
不想吓着你  Don't want you scaring,
我们不会白费一路的艰辛吧  and giving up on this whole endeavor now do we?
我挺喜欢小鸭子的  Well, I do like duckling.
服务员  最好的座位  谢谢  Garcon, your finest table, please.
你闻到了吗  用鼻子深深吸一口气  You smell that? Take a deep breath through the nose.
让气味完全进入身体  Really let that seep in.
闻到什么了  我觉得一部分是人的体味  What are you getting? Because to me, it's part man smell.
另一部分是恶棍的味道  and the other part is really bad man smell.
不知道为什么  总的来说  I don't know why, but overall,
这里闻起来很糟糕  it just smells like the color brown.
你觉得呢  Your thoughts?
好多头发  That's a lot of hair.
她自己长的  你胡子上的是血吗  She's growing it out, is that blood on your moustache?
美女  看这里  看他胡子上的血  Goldie, look at this, look at all the blood on his moustache.
看  这有好多血  Look sir, that's a lot of blood.
你看起来不舒服啊  美女  Hey, you don't look so good, Blondie.
我们还是回家吧  Maybe we should get you home.
今天收工  Call it a day.
不过往好了说  毕竟这里是五星级餐厅  Probably be better off. This is a five star joint after all.
如果你觉得这儿不舒服的话  And if you can't handle this place,
或许你应该回塔里去  well maybe you should be back in your tower.
这是你吗  Is this you?
不是  这太侮辱人了  No, no this is being mean.
这就是他  Oh, it's him all right.
格瑞特  找警卫来  Gretel, go find some guards.
那赏金够我买个新的钩子了  That reward's going to buy me a new hook.
我要用那笔钱  I can use the money.
那我呢  我穷死了  What about me? I'm broke.
伙计们  停  Boys, stop!
我们能摆平这问题  We can work this out.
放开他  Hey, leave him alone.
先生们  求求你们了  Gentlemen, please.
把我的向导还给我  坏蛋们  Give me back my guide, ruffians.
别打鼻子  别打鼻子  别打鼻子  Not the nose, not the nose, not the nose!
放他下来  Put him down!
好吧  我不知道我在哪儿  Okay, I don't know where I am,
但我要他带我去看天灯  and I need him to take me to see the lanterns,
因为我这一辈子的梦想就是看天灯  because I've been dreaming about them my entire life.
行行好吧  Find your humanity.
你们难道不曾有过梦想吗  Haven't any of you ever had a dream?
我  有过梦想  I, had a dream.
曾经  Once.
我是人见人怕的恶棍  I'm malicious mean and scary.
我的冷笑能让牛奶凝结  My sneer could curdle dairy.
残暴的念想使我双手不再干净  And violence  wise my hands are not the cleanest.
但除却我狰狞的模样  火爆的脾气和钩子  But despite my evil look, and my temper and my hook.
我一直渴望成为一名钢琴演奏家  I've always yearned to be a concert pianist.
看我在台上演奏着莫扎特  Can't you see me on the stage performing Mozart.
敲击着琴键  直到音符跳跃  Tickling the ivories, 'til they gleam.
没错  我更愿自己的混合调调  Yep, I'd rather be called deadly.
被大伙儿称作音乐刺客  For my killer show  tune medley.
谢谢  Thank you.
因为我内心深处有个梦想  'Cause way down deep inside I've got a dream.
他有一个梦想  他有一个梦想  He's got a dream, he's got a dream.
看  我并不如所见般的邪恶残暴  See, I ain't as cruel and vicious as I seem.
尽管我喜欢弄断别人的腿  Though I feel like breaking femurs.
请把我算作有梦想的人  You can count me with the dreamers.
就像所有人一样  我也有个梦想  Like everybody else, I've gotta dream.
我身上布满伤疤肿块和淤青  I've got scars and lumps and bruises.
再加上这里还有狐臭  Plus something here that oozes.
更别再提我的皮肤  Let's not even mention my complexion.
但我除了有六个脚趾  But despite my extra toes.
甲状腺肿大还有酒糟鼻  And my goiter and my nose.
我真心渴望一段爱情  I really want to make a love connection.
瞧我与一位娇小的女士  Can't you see me with a special little lady.
荡舟水上  顺溪漂流  Rowing in a row boat, down the stream.
尽管我是个恶心的混蛋  Though I'm one disgusting blighter.
但我愿意去爱  而非好战  I'm a lover, not a fighter.
因为我内心深处有个梦想  'Cause way down deep inside, I gotta dream.
我有一个梦想  我有一个梦想  I gotta dream, I gotta dream.
我知道一切终将实现  And I know one day will never reign supreme.
尽管我的长相吓得人尖叫  Though my face leaves people screaming.
但内心还是个做梦的孩子  There's a child behind it dreaming.
就像所有人一样  我也有个梦想  Like everybody else, I've gotta dream.
托想隐退  当个花匠  Tor would like to quit and be a florist.
冈特尔爱好室内设计  Gunther does interior design.
奥夫着迷哑剧  阿迪拉的蛋糕美味无比  Ulf is into mime, Attila's cupcakes are sublime.
大汉织毛线  杀手缝棉衣  Bruiser knits, Killer sews.
尖牙鬣狗会演木偶戏  Fang does little puppet shows.
弗莱达收集陶瓷独角兽  And Vladimir collects ceramic unicorns.
那你呢  What about you?
对不起  我吗    你的梦想是什么  I'm sorry, me?   What's your dream?
不  不  不  不好意思  我不唱歌  No, no, no. Sorry boys, I don't sing.
我如你们也有梦  也不算梦  I have dreams like you, no really.
更加微不足道  还有点矫情  Just much less, touchy  feely.
有一个地方温暖如春  阳光明媚  They mainly happen somewhere warm and sunny.
专属小岛  日光浴  悠闲地独自一人  On an island that I own, tanned and rested and alone.
淹没在巨大的钱堆里  Surrounded by enormous piles of money.
我有一个梦想    她有一个梦想  I've got a dream...    She's got a dream.
我有一个梦想    她有一个梦想  I've got a dream.    She's got a dream.
我只想欣赏照亮夜空  飘曳四方的天灯  I just want to see the floating lanterns gleam.
随着时钟滴答  And with every passing hour.
我真庆幸离开了我的高塔  I'm so glad I left my tower.
就像你们这群可爱的伙伴  我也有个梦想  Like all you lovely folks, I've got a dream.
她有一个梦想  她有一个梦想  She's gotta dream, He's gotta dream.
他们有一个梦想  我们有一个梦想  They've gotta dream, we've gotta dream.
我们并无太大区别  So our differences ain't really that extreme.
我们就是同一类  We're one big team.
我们野蛮  我们残暴  Call us brutal, say sadistic
但我们出奇的乐观  and grotesquely optimistic.
因为内心深处我们有一个梦  'Cause way down deep inside, we've gotta dream.
我们有一个梦想  我有一个梦想  We gotta dream, I gotta dream.
没错  在我内心深处有一个  Yes, way down deep inside I've got a...
梦想  Dream.
我找到警卫了  I found the guards.
莱德在哪里  他在哪儿  Where's Rider, where is he?
我知道他就藏在这里  I know he's in here somewhere.
把这里翻遍了也要找到他  Find him, turn the place upside down if you have to!
去吧  去实现你的梦想  Go, live your dream.
我会的  I will.
你的梦想糟透了  我在跟她说呢  Your dream stinks, I was talking to her.
太感谢你了  Thanks for everything.
我想这就是你们要找的人  I believe this is the man you're looking for.
呀  被你抓到了  You got me.
长官  没发现莱德  Sir, there's no sign of Rider.
马克西姆斯  Maximus.
他在干什么  What's he doing?
密道  来吧  伙计们  进去  A passage, come on men, let's go.
科尔曼  看住他们  别让他们跑了  Corman, make sure those boys don't get away.
小心点  Play it safe.
我们去夺回王冠  We'll go get the crown.
我有个梦想  我有梦想  I gotta dream, I got some dream.
谁给我来一杯  I, ohhh, somebody get me a glass.
我发现一个大美女  Because I just found me a tall drink of water.
别闹了  大耳朵  Oh stop it, you big lug.
密道通往哪里  Where does that tunnel lead out?
刀  Knife!
这下我们安全了  Well, that got us safe.
想不到你还挺厉害的  Didn't know you had that in you back there.
太棒了  让人印象深刻  That was pretty, impressive.
我知道呀  I know!
我知道  I know...
那么福林  So, Flynn.
你是哪里人  Where are you from?
抱歉  美女  我可不喜欢追溯往事  Whoa, whoa, sorry, Blondie, I don't do back story.
但我却对你的故事很好奇  However I am becoming very interested in yours.
我知道不能提到你的头发  Now I... I know I'm not suppose to mention the hair.
不行    或是你妈妈  Nope.    Or, the Mother.
老实说  我也不敢问那只青蛙的事  Frankly I'm too scared to ask about the frog.
它是变色龙    差不多  Chameleon.    Nuance.
我要问的是  Here's my question though,
既然你这么想去看天灯  if you want to see the lanterns so badly,
那以前为什么没去过呢  why haven't you gone before?
好吧  Uhh, hey, well...
福林  Uh, Flynn...
福林  Flynn!
跑  快跑  Run, run!
他们是什么人  Who's that?
他们可不喜欢我  They don't like me.
那些人呢    他们也不喜欢我  Who's that?    They don't like me either.
那又是谁    总而言之  Who's that?    Let's just assume for the moment,
这里的每个人都不喜欢我  that everyone here doesn't like me.
拿着  Here.
这一刻  我等待已久了  I've waited a long time for this.
妈妈咪呀  我真该弄个这样的锅  Oh mama, I have got to get me one of these.
这可是我干过最诡异的事情  You should know that this is the strangest thing I've ever done.
三局两胜如何  How 'bout two out of three?
福林  Flynn!
福林  小心  Flynn, look out.
抓好了  Hold on.
你俩真该照照镜子  你们看起来  You should see your faces. Because you look...
可笑极了  Ridiculous.
快来  美女  Come on, Blondie.
快跳  Jump.
没用的  我什么都看不见  It's no use, I can't see anything.
没用的  Hey, there's no point.
下面黑黢黢的  It's pitch black down there.
这都是我的错  This is all my fault.
妈妈说得对  我不该这样做  She was right, I never should have done this.
我太...  I'm so...
我太对不起你了  福林  I'm so sorry, Flynn.
尤金  Eugene.
什么  What?
我的真名叫尤金·弗里茨伯特  My real name is, Eugene Fitzherbert.
应该让你知道  So you might as well know.
我的头发有魔力  当我唱歌时它会发光  I have magic hair that glows when I sing.
什么  What?
我的头发有魔力  当我唱歌时它会发光  I have magic hair, that glows when I sing.
仙花闪耀  魔力显现  Flower gleam and glow. Let your power shine.
我们成功了  We made it.
她的头发会发光  Her hair glows.
我们得救了  得救了  We're alive. I'm alive!
我可真没想到    尤金  I didn't see that coming.     Eugene...
你的头发真的会发光  You're hair actually glows.
尤金    她的头发怎么会发光  Eugene...    Why does her hair glow?
尤金    怎么了  Eugene!    What?
它不仅会发光  It doesn't just glow.
他干嘛冲我笑  Why is he smiling at me?
我要杀了他  I'll kill him.
我要杀了莱德  I'll kill that, Rider.
我们去城池边截住他  We'll cut him off at the kingdom.
拿回王冠  走吧  And get back the crown, come on.
小伙子们  Boys.
你们大概不想像野狗般  Perhaps you want to stop acting like wild dogs
原地兜圈子吧  chasing their tails,
然后好好想想  and think for a moment.
拜托  根本没必要  Oh, please, there's no need for that.
如果你们只想要这个  那随你们的便  Well, if that's all you desire, then be on your way.
我本想给你们比这值钱一千倍的的东西  I was going to offer you something worth one thousand crowns,
能让你们无法想象的富有  would have made you rich beyond belief.
这还不是最好的呢  And that wasn't even the best part.
算了吧  这就是人生啊  Oh well, C'est la vie.
好好享受你们的王冠吧  Enjoy your crown.
最好的是什么  What's the best part?
还可以顺便报复福林·莱德  It comes with revenge on Flynn Rider.
你神秘兮兮地  So you're being strangely cryptic
把你的魔发缠在我受伤的手上干什么  as you wrap your magic hair around my injured hand.
抱歉  Sorry.
你可不要被吓坏了  Just don't, don't freak out.
仙花闪耀  Flower gleam and glow,
魔力显现  let your powers shine.
倒转时光  Make the clock reverse,
带回往昔美好  bring back what once was mine.
抚平创伤  Heal what has been hurt,
改变命运  change the fates design.
返还吾之所失  Save what has been lost,
带回往昔美好  bring back what once was mine.
往昔美好  What once was mine.
千万别吓倒啊  Please don't freak out.
我才没吓倒  你吓倒了吗  Ahhh. I'm not freaking out, are you freaking out?
我只是对你的头发很感兴趣  No, I'm just very interested in your hair.
还有它的魔力  And the magical qualities that it possesses.
你能这样做究竟有多久了  How long has it been doing that, exactly?
我想一直都是这样吧  Forever, I guess.
妈妈说当我还是个婴儿时  Mother said when I was a baby,
就有人想剪了它  people tried to cut it.
他们想把它占为己有  They wanted to take it for themselves.
但是一旦被剪了  But, once it's cut.
它就会变成褐色  并且失去魔力  It turns brown, and looses its power.
这样的神赋魔力  必须好好保护  A gift like that, it has to be protected.
因此妈妈从不让我...  That's why mother never let me...
因此我从未离开  That's why... I never left the...
你从未离开过那座塔  You never left that tower.
而且还打算回去吗  And you're still gonna go back?
不  是的  No... Yes.
这很复杂  It's complicated.
那么尤金·弗里茨伯特  是吧  So, Eugene Fitzherbert, huh?
好吧  我跟你讲个可怜孤儿  Ah yeah, well. I'll spare you the sob story of
尤金·弗里茨伯特的悲惨故事  他是个  poor orphan Eugene Fitzherbert, it's a little bit of a...
他是个倒霉鬼  It's a little bit of a downer.
有这样一本书  There was this book.
我以前每天晚上都会读给小孩子们听  A book I used to read every night to all the younger kids.
福林吉纳·莱德的故事  The tales of Flynnigan Rider.
他是个恃强凌弱的恶棍  Swashbuckling rogue,
也是世上最富有的人  richest man alive.
也很会讨女人欢心  Not bad with the ladies either.
当然也没什么好炫耀的  Nothing to ever brag about, of course.
他也是个小偷吗  Was he a thief too?
不是的  Ahh, well no.
实际上  他有足够的钱  Actually, he had enough money
去做任何他想做的事  to do anything that he wanted to do.
他可以想去哪里就去哪里  He could go anywhere that he wanted to go.
对一个一无所有的孩子来说  And... And, for a kid, with nothing.
我不知道  我...  I don't know, I...
似乎这是个更好的选择  It just seemed like a better option.
你千万别告诉任何人  好吗  You can't tell anyone, about this, okay?
那可会毁了我的名声  It could ruin my whole reputation.
我们可不想那样  Ahh, we wouldn't want that.
男人的名誉可是高于一切的  Oh, the thing about a reputation, it's all that a man has.
好吧  我应该...  Um, well I should uh...
我应该再去找点木柴来  I, I should get some more firewood.
说真的  For the record,
比起福林·莱德  我更喜欢尤金·弗里茨伯特  I like Eugene fitzherbert much better than, Flynn Rider.
你可是第一个这样说的人  Well, then you'd be the first.
谢谢  But, thank you.
我还以为他永远都不会离开呢  Well, I thought he'd never leave.
妈妈  Mother?
你好啊  亲爱的  Hello, dear.
但我...我...我们不是...  But I... I... Don't we...
你是怎么找到我的  How did you find me?
很简单  Oh, it was easy really.
只要顺着彻彻底底背叛的声音寻来  I just listened for the sound of complete and utter betrayal,
就找到了  and followed that.
妈妈...    我们回家去  瑞普兹  Mother...    We're going home, Rapunzel.
现在就回    你...你不懂  Now.    You... You don't understand.
这趟旅程很不可思议  I've been on this incredible journey.
我见识学到了很多东西  And I've seen and learned so much.
我还遇见了一个人  I even met someone.
是啊  被通缉的贼  我真为你自豪啊  Yes, the wanted thief. I'm so proud.
快来  瑞普兹    妈妈  等等  Come on, Rapunzel.    Mother, wait.
我觉得...我觉得他喜欢我  I think... I think he likes me.
喜欢你吗  拜托  Likes you? Please,
瑞普兹  你可真是疯了  Rapunzel, that's demented.
但是妈妈  我  But mother, I...
这就是我从不让你出去的原因  This is why you never should have left.
宝贝  你自己臆想出来的所有浪漫  Dear, this whole romance that you've invented,
都证明你很傻很天真  just proves you're to naive to be here.
他为什么会喜欢你  真是服了你  Why would he like you? Oh come on now, really.
看看你  你觉得他爱上你了吗  Look at you, you think that he's impressed?
别傻了  跟妈妈回家  Don't be a dummy, come with mommy.
妈妈  Mother...
我不要    你不要吗  No!    No?
我懂了  I see how it is.
瑞普兹最清楚  Rapunzel, knows best.
瑞普兹好成熟  Rapunzel's so mature, now.
好一位聪明又成熟的小姑娘  Such a clever grown up, Miss.
瑞普兹最清楚  Rapunzel knows best.
好啊  既然你如此确信  Fine, if you're so sure now.
那就把这个给他  Go ahead then give him, this!
怎么在你这里  How did you?
他只为此而留下  This is why he's here.
不要被他欺骗  Don't let him deceive you.
把这个交给他  等着瞧    我会的  Give it to him, watch, you'll see.    I will.
相信我宝贝儿  他定会马上离开  Trust me my dear, that's how fast he'll leave you.
我不会说早告诉过你  不会  I won't say I told you so... No.
瑞普兹最清楚  Rapunzel knows best.
如果他就是你的梦之船  So if he's such a dream boat.
那就去考验他    妈妈  等等  Go and put him, to the test.    Mother, wait.
如果他欺骗了你  可不要回来哭鼻子  If he's lying, don't come crying.
妈妈才最清楚  Mother, knows best.
我能问你件事吗  So, hey uh, can I ask you something?
我的手有可能  Is there any chance that
得到超能力吗  I'm going to get super strength in my hand?
说句老实话  Because I'm not going to lie.
那样可真是太棒了  That would be stupendous.
你还好吗  Hey, you all right?
抱歉  我没事  Oh, sorry, yes.
只是在想事情  Just um, lost in thought, I guess.
我的意思是  I mean because here's the thing.
超人的帅脸  我已经有了  Superhuman good looks, I've always had 'em.
我天生就有  但超能力呢  Born with it, but superhuman strength?
你觉得可能吗  我只是  Can you imagine the possibilities, I'm just...
耐心点  小伙子们  Patience, boys.
好事多磨  All good things to those who wait.
怎么了  Hmm, what?
我希望你是来道歉的  Well, I hope you're here to apologize.
不不  快把我放下  停下  放开我  No, no, put me down. Stop it. Let... Me... Go!
把他给我  Give me, him.
放轻松  放松  冷静  Easy boy, easy, calm down.
冷静  孩子  Easy boy.
冷静  Easy.
这就对了  That's it.
现在  坐下  Now sit.
坐下    搞错没啊  Sit.    What?
现在放下靴子  Now drop the boot.
放下  Drop it.
你真是个好孩子  Oh, you are such a good boy.
是啊  你真乖  Yes, you are.
你千辛万苦来抓这个坏蛋  累坏了吧  You all tired, from chasing the bad man all over the place?
你说什么  Excuse me?
却没人感激你  对吧  Nobody appreciates you, do they?
对吧  Do they?
拜托  它可是匹坏马  Oh come on, he's a bad horse.
他可是个大甜心  Oh, he's nothing but a big sweetheart.
没错吧  Isn't that right?
马克西姆斯  Maximus.
开什么玩笑  You've got to be kidding me.
听着  今天是我人生中最重要的一天  Look, today is kinda the biggest day of my life.
因此我希望你不要抓他  And the thing is, I need you not to get him arrested.
只要二十四小时就好  Just for twenty four hours and then,
然后你俩爱怎么追就怎么追  you can chase each other to your hearts content.
好吗  Okay?
而且告诉你  今天还是我生日  And it's also my birthday. Just so you know.
通缉  福林·莱德  小偷
抱歉  Sorry.
谢谢  Thank you.
献给我们失踪的公主  It's for the lost Princess.
快上船吧  To the boats.
马克斯  Hey, Max.
怎么啦  我买的啦  What? I bought them.
大部分是买的  Most of them.
我们要去哪儿  Where are we going?
你生命中最好的一天  Well, best day of your life.
我想你应该坐条好船  I figured you should have a decent seat.
你还好吗  You okay?
我有些害怕  I'm terrified.
为什么  Why?
我在窗口已经盼了十八年  I've been looking out the window for eighteen years.
幻想着那些天灯升起  Dreaming about what it would feel like
飞向天空的情景  when those lights rise in the sky.
如果现实和我想象的完全不一样怎么办  What if it's not everything that I dreamed it would be?
会一样的  It will be.
如果不一样呢  And what if it is?
那我该怎么办  What will I do then?
我想那也是好事  Well that's the good part, I guess.
你就可以找个新的梦想了  You get to go find a new dream.
日日夜夜  望向窗外  All those days watching from the windows.
年年岁岁  凝望远方  All those years outside looking in.
那些时光  从不知自己  All that time, never even knowing
有多么无知  just how blind I've been.
我已至此  闪耀星空下  Now I'm here. Blinking in the starlight.
我已至此  幡然领悟  Now I'm here. Suddenly I see.
伫立于此  一切如此清晰  Standing here. It's oh, so clear.
这里就是我的归依  I'm where I'm meant to be.
我终于看到了那光芒  And at last, I see the light.
一如浓雾尽散  And it's like the fog has lifted.
我终于看到了那光芒  And at last, I see the light.
一如天空换新颜  And it's like the sky is new.
温暖  真实  而明亮  And it's warm and real and bright.
世界也为之改变  And the world has somehow shifted.
霎那间  一切皆已不同  All at once, everything looks different.
因为 我遇见了你  Now that I see you.
我也有东西要给你  I have something for you, too.
我早就该把它给你的  但我只是害怕  I should have given it to you before, but I was just scared.
而现在  我不怕了  And the thing is, I'm not scared anymore.
你明白我的意思吗  You know what I mean?
我也不再害怕  I'm starting to.
日日夜夜  追寻空中楼阁  All those days, chasing down a daydream.
年年岁岁  活在空虚之中  All those years, living in a blur.
那些时光  从未曾真正发现  All that time, never truly seeing
万物的真相  things, the way they were.
她已至此  闪耀星空下  Now she's here. Shining in the starlight.
她已至此  我幡然领悟  Now she's here. Suddenly I know.
只要有她相伴  如水晶般清晰  If she's here. It's crystal clear.
这里就是我的归依  I'm where I'm meant to go.
我终于看到了那光芒  And at last, I see the light.
一如浓雾尽散  And it's like the fog has lifted.
我终于看到了那光芒  And at last, I see the light.
一如天空换新颜  And it's like the sky is new.
温暖  真实  而明亮  And it's warm and real and bright.
世界也为之改变  And the world has somehow shifted.
霎那间  一切皆已不同  All at once, everything is different.
因为  我遇见了你  Now that I, see you.
因为  我  遇见了你  Now that I... see you.
怎么了  Is everything okay?
没  没事  Huh? Oh yes.
当然没事  Uh, yes of course.
我只是  I just...
我很抱歉  一切都很好  I'm sorry, everything is fine.
只是我有些事情要去处理  There's just something I have to take care of.
好吧  Okay.
我马上就回来  I'll be right back.
没事的  帕斯卡  It's all right, Pascal.
你们在这啊  Ahh, there you are.
自从那天走散后  I've been searching everywhere for you guys.
我到处找都找不到你们  Since we got separated.
新鬓角修得不错啊  Hey the sideburns are coming in nice, huh?
你应该很满意吧  You gotta be excited about that.
总之  我只是想说  Anyhow, just wanted to say,
我不该逃跑的  王冠归你们了  I shouldn't have split. The crown is all yours.
我会想你们的  但我觉得这样  最好  I'll miss you, but I think its for the... best.
又想耍我们了吧  莱德  Holding out on us again? Hey, Rider?
什么    我们听说你找到了一些东西  What?    We heard you found something.
一些  比王冠更值钱的东西  Something much more valuable than a crown.
我们要她  来代替王冠  We want her, instead.
我还以为你带着王冠  丢下我跑了  I was starting to think you ran off with the crown and left me.
他是跑了  He did.
什么  不可能  What? No.
他不会的  He wouldn't.
你自己看吧  See for yourself.
尤金  Eugene?
尤金  Eugene!
公平交易  Fair trade.
一个王冠  换个魔发女孩  A crown, for the girl with the magic hair.
你说人们为了永葆青春健康  How much do you think someone
愿意付我们多少钱  will pay to stay young and healthy forever?
不要  求求你们  No, please.
不  No!
不  No!
瑞普兹  Rapunzel!
妈妈  Mother?
我的宝贝女儿  Oh, my precious girl.
妈妈  Mother.
你没事吧  Are you all right?
伤到哪没有  Are you hurt?
妈妈  你怎么    我很担心你  Mother, how did you?    I was so worried about you dear.
所以我跟着你  So I followed you.
然后我看到他们要伤害你  And I saw them attack you.
好了  我们走吧  趁他们还没醒  All right, let's go, let's go before they come to.
你是对的  妈妈  You were right, mother.
你说得都是对的  You were right about everything.
我明白  宝贝  I know darling.
我明白  I know.
看  Look!
是王冠  The crown.
瑞普兹  Rapunzel.
瑞普兹  Rapunzel!
不不不  等等  伙计们  No, no, no. Wait, wait, wait. Guys, guys.
瑞普兹  Rapunzel!
该做个了断了  莱德  Let's get this over with, Rider.
我们要去哪  Where are we going?
就当一切都没发生过  There, it never happened.
好了  洗洗准备吃晚饭了  Now, wash up for dinner.
我煮了榛子汤  I'm making hazel nut soup.
我告诉过你  瑞普兹  I really did try, Rapunzel.
我警告过你  外面世界的险恶  I tried to warn you, what was out there.
黑暗  自私  残酷的世界  The world is dark, and selfish, and cruel.
即便有一缕最微弱的阳光  If it finds even the slightest ray of sunshine.
也会被摧毁  It destroys it.
你们怎么知道她的  How did you know about her?
告诉我  快说  Tell me, now!
不是我们  It wasn't us.
是那个老太婆  It was the old lady.
老太婆  Old lady?
等等  不要  等等  Wait, no, wait!
你们不明白  她有麻烦了  You don't understand, she's in trouble.
等等  Wait!
瑞普兹  Rapunzel?
瑞普兹  怎么了  Rapunzel, what's going on up there?
你没事吧  Are you all right?
我就是失踪的公主  I'm the lost princess.
大声点  瑞普兹  Oh, please, speak up, Rapunzel.
你知道我多讨厌别人说话含糊不清  You know how I hate the mumbling.
我就是失踪的公主  I am the lost Princess.
对不对  Aren't I?
我说得还不够清楚吗  “妈妈”  Did I mumble, “Mother”
还是  我不该这么称呼你  Or should I even call you that?
瑞普兹  你知道你在说什么吗  Oh, Rapunzel, do you even hear yourself?
你怎么会问这么荒唐的问题  Why would you ask such a ridiculous question?
是你  都是你干的  It was you! It was all, you.
我做的一切  都是为了保护你  Everything I did, was to protect you.
瑞普兹    我的一生  Rapunzel.    I spent my entire life.
都在躲避那些想利用我魔力的人  hiding from people who would use me for my power.
瑞普兹    而我最应该躲避的人  Rapunzel!    And I should have been hiding.
是你  From you.
你要去哪  Where will you go?
他不会在那儿等你  He won't be there for you.
你对他做了什么  What did you do to him?
那个罪犯  以他的罪行应该会吊死  That criminal, is to be hanged for his crimes.
不    现在  一切都没事了  No.    Now, now. It's all right.
听我说  Listen to me.
这一切  都是不可避免  All of this is as it should be.
不  No!
你看错了这个世界  You were wrong about the world.
你也看错了我  And you were wrong about me.
我再也不会让你利用我的头发  And I will never let you use my hair, again!
你要逼我当坏人?  You want me to be the bad guy?
好  Fine.
那我就坏给你看  Now I'm the bad guy.
这是怎么了  What's this?
开门  Open up.
通关密码是什么  What's the password?
什么    错啦  What?    Nope.
开门  Open this door.
大错特错  Not even close.
你有三秒钟时间  You have three seconds.
一  One...
二  Two...
三  Three...
平底锅  谁想得到呢  对吧  Frying pans. Who knew, right?
低下头    低下头  Head down?    Head down.
夹紧手臂    夹紧手臂  Arms in?    Arms in.
分开双腿    分开双腿  Knees apart?    Knees apart.
分开双腿  Knees apart?
我为什么要双腿分...  Why do I need to keep my knees apar...
马克斯  Max.
是你叫他们来的?  You brought them here?
谢谢  Thank you.
真的  谢谢你  No really, thank you.
我觉得  这段时间  Uh, I feel maybe this whole time
我们之间可能有些误会  we've just misunderstanding one another.
我们真的  没错  你是对的  And we're really just, yeah your right.
我们该走了  We should go.
马克斯  Max.
马克斯  Max!
好了  马克斯  让我看看你能跑多快  Okay Max, let's see how fast you can run.
瑞普兹  Rapunzel.
瑞普兹  放下你的头发来  Rapunzel, let down your hair.
瑞普兹  我还以为再也见不到你了  Rapunzel, I thought I'd never see you again.
现在  看看你都干了什么  瑞普兹  Now look what you've done, Rapunzel.
别担心  宝贝  Oh don't worry, dear.
他会把我们的秘密带进坟墓  Our secret will die with him.
而我们  And as for us?
我们要重新去一个没人能找到你的地方  We are going where no one will ever find you, again.
瑞普兹  真的  够了  Rapunzel, really. Enough all ready.
别再反抗了  Stop fighting me.
不  我不会放弃的  No! I won't stop.
我余生的每一分钟都会用来反抗你  For every minute of the rest of my life I will fight.
我永远不会停止尝试离开你  I will never stop trying to get away from you.
但是  如果你让我救他  But, if you let me save him...
我就跟你走  I will go with you.
不  不要  瑞普兹  No. No, Rapunzel.
我永远不逃跑  永远不离开你  I'll never run, I'll never try to escape.
只要你让我救他  我就跟你一起  Just let me heal him. And you and I will be together.
永远在一起  就像你想要的那样  Forever, just like you want.
一切都跟原来一样  Everything will be the way it was.
我保证  I promise.
就跟你想要的一样  Just like you want.
只要你  让我救他  Just... let me... heal him.
以防万一你跟过来  In case you get any ideas about following us.
尤  尤金  Eu..Eugene!
对不起  Oh, I'm so sorry.
一切都会好的    不要  瑞普兹  Everything is going to okay, though.    No, Rapunzel!
我保证  你要相信我    不  I promise, you have to trust me.    No..
快点    我不能让你这么做  Come on.    I can't let you do this.
我也不能让你死  And I can't let you die.
但是如果你这么做了    嘘  But if you do this.    Shhh.
那你 会死的  Then you... will die.
会没事的  It's gonna be all right.
瑞普兹  等等  Rapunzel, wait...
尤金  怎么  Eugene, what...?
不  Nooo!
不  不要  No... No!
你都干了些什么  你都干了什么  What have you done? What have you done!
不不不  不要  No, no, no, Nooo!
不  不要  No, no, no, noooo.
不  No!
不  Noooooooooo!
不不不  不要  尤金  No, no, no, no, Eugene.
看着我  我在这  Oh, look at me, look me, I'm right here.
别走  别离开我  尤金  Don't go, stay with me, Eugene.
仙花闪耀  魔力显现  Flower gleam and glow, let your powers shine.
倒转时光  带回往昔美好  Make the clock reverse, bring back what once was mine.
瑞普兹    什么  Rapunzel...    What?
你就是我的新梦想  You were my new dream.
你也是我的新梦想  And you were mine.
抚平创伤  Heal what has been hurt.
改变命运  Change the fates design.
返还吾之所失  Save what has been lost.
带回往昔美好  Bring back what once was mine.
带回往昔美好  What once was mine.
瑞普兹  Rapunzel?
尤金  Eugene.
我有没有告诉过你  Did I ever tell you,
我特别喜欢褐色头发的姑娘  I've got a thing for brunettes?
尤金  Eugene.
接下来的事情  你们都知道了  Well, you could imagine what happened next.
举国欢庆  The kingdom rejoiced.
庆祝他们失踪公主的回归  For the lost Princess had returned.
狂欢持续了整个星期  The party lasted an entire week.
不过  老实说  我也不太记得了  And, honestly I don't remember much of it.
每个人的梦想都实现了  Dreams came true all over the place.
这个家伙成为了世界上最有名的  That guy went on to become the most
钢琴演奏家  不管你信不信 反正我信了  famous concert pianist in the world, if you can believe it.
还有这个家伙  他找到了他的真爱  And this guy? Well he eventually found true love.
至于这个家伙嘛  我想他应该很快乐  As for this guy, well, I assume he's happy.
虽然他没跟我说过  He's never told me otherwise.
多亏了马克西姆斯  Thanks to Maximus,
全国的犯罪几乎一夜间消失殆尽  crime in the kingdom disappeared almost over night.
同样消失的还有大部分苹果  As did most of the apples.
至于帕斯卡  还是老样子  Pascal? Never changed.
终于  瑞普兹回到了家  At last Rapunzel was home,
她终于有了一个真正的家  and she finally had a real family.
她是一位值得人民等待的公主  She was a Princess worth waiting for.
受到爱戴  就像她的父母一样  Beloved by all, she led her kingdom
她用她的魅力和智慧治理着她的国家  with all the grace and wisdom that her parents did before her.
至于我呢  And as for me, well.
我把名字改回了尤金  I started going by Eugene again.
不再偷东西  基本上完全变了个样  Stopped thieving, and basically turned it all around.
但我知道你们最想问的是  But I know what the big question is.
我和瑞普兹结婚了吗  Did Rapunzel and I ever get married?
我很高兴告诉你们  Well I'm pleased to tell you.
在她一年又一年  一年又一年  That after years, and years of asking,
不停地求婚又求婚之后  and asking, and asking.
我答应了  I finally said yes.
尤金  Eugene.
好吧  是我向你求婚的  All right, I asked her.
我们从此过上了幸福快乐的生活  And we're living happily ever after.
真的很幸福  Yes, we are.
