精灵旅社3
特兰西瓦尼亚
布达佩斯  Budapest.
下一站 布达佩斯  The next stop's Budapest.
布达佩斯是下一站  Budapest is the next stop.
布达佩斯  Budapest.
车票 女士们  Tickets, ladies.
给你  Oop, here you go.
这是我的    还有我的  Here's mine.    And mine.
还有我的    给你  Mine, too!    Here you go!
谢谢你 年轻人  Thank you, young man.
天啊 我讨厌伪装成这样  Man, I hate wearing disguises.
这高跟鞋简直要了我的命  These heels are killing me.
好了 冷静点  Okay, take it down a notch.
别惊动了人类  We don't want to alarm the humans.
德古拉  Psst. Drac.
我要喊出来了  I'm about to und freak out!
你是一只可爱的猫咪  You're a nice kitty.
我是一只小猫咪  I'm und kitty  cat.
喵 喵  Meow. Meow!
不 别又是这个小丑  Oh, no, not this clown again.
晚上好 旅客们  Good evening, travelers.
我是亚伯拉罕·范海辛教授  I am Professor Abraham Van Helsing.
没错 范海辛家族的一员  Yes. One of the Van Helsings.
几个世纪以来 我的家族一直在保护人类  For centuries, my family has protected humanity
免受邪恶怪物的伤害  from the evils of monsters.
所以你们可以相信我 我告诉你们  So you can believe me when I tell you,
有怪物就藏在你们中间  there are monsters hiding amongst you!
但不要害怕  But fear not,
因为我是专家  for I am a professional,
我知道如何赶走这些野兽  and I know how to flush out these beasts
让它们原形毕露  and bring them into the light!
糟了 火  Fire bad!
抱歉了 伙计们  Sorry, guys.
最终 是我先杀死了德古拉  Finally! First I kill Dracula,
然后解决了其余的怪物  and then the rest of the monsters!
你们为什么一直这样做  Why do you keep doing this?
你的爸爸 你的爷爷 你的曾曾祖母  Your dad, your grandfather, your great  great  granny...
他们全被我打败了  I defeated them all.
你们范海辛家族什么时候才能学会放下仇恨  When will you Van Helsings ever learn to let go of the hate?
永不 因为你这个怪物是…  Never! Because you, monster, are a...
什么 老鼠  What? A mouse?
你逃不掉的 黑暗之王  You can't run from me, Prince of Darkness!
我会永远追捕你  I will hunt you for all eternity!
我发誓 在毁灭掉你之前我将永不停止  I swear I will never rest until I destroy you...
还有…  And...
每一个…  Every...
其他的…  Other...
怪物…  Monster...
这是最后一件…  If it's the last thing...
我…  I...
要做的…  Ever...
事情  Do!
天啊 那家伙真烦人  Boy, that guy is annoying.
也许某天会有这样一个地方  Maybe one day there will be a place
怪物们到那儿就可以摆脱这一切  where monsters can go to get away from it all,
度个假  take a vacation.
也许还能结婚 谁知道呢  Who knows, maybe even get married.
岂不美哉  Wouldn't that be something?
精灵旅社 3
怪物假期
现今
婚礼到底什么时候开始  Oh, when is this thing starting?
你把他们弄哭了 韦恩  Aw, you made them cry, Wayne.
除了这个小家伙  All except this little one.
这是桑妮 她不会哭  That's Sunny. She doesn't cry.
但她会咬人  She bites.
这是非常重要的时刻 卡尔  This is a very special moment, Carl.
你美丽的新娘 随时  Any second, your beautiful bride
都会走上红毯  is going to walk right down the aisle.
不 德古拉 她不会来了  Oh, no, Drac, she's not coming.
别担心  Oh, don't worry.
梅维丝和她在一起  Mavis is with her.
我相信一切都在掌控之中  I'm sure everything is under control.
梅维丝 一切都还好吗  Mavey, is everything under control?
还好 只是有点婚前紧张而已  Um, yep, just a slight case of pre  wedding jitters.
喷发剂
没错 我这儿一切都好  Yep, everything is fine here.
露西 试着放松点  Please try to relax, Lucy.
我把一切都打理好了  I've taken care of everything.
婚礼将会非常完美的  The wedding is going to be perfect.
不是这个问题  It's not that.
我怎么才能确定 我做了正确的选择呢  Just, how do I know I'm doing the right thing?
我明白你的感受  I know just how you feel.
嫁给强尼那天 是我人生中最美好的一天  The day I married Johnny was the best day of my life,
但我却超级紧张  but I was so nervous.
可没我紧张  Not as nervous as I was.
你真该看看我爸爸当时的样子 他都快崩溃了  And you should have seen my dad. He was a mess.
那天晚上我甚至都不愿从棺材里出来  I wouldn't get out of my coffin that night.
但他知道那是命中注定的  But he knew it was meant to be.
无论你来自哪里  It doesn't matter where you come from
或是多么的与众不同  or how different you are.
心动这种事 一生中只有一次  A Zing only happens once in your life,
你一定要珍惜  and you have to cherish it.
你说得对 谢谢你  You're right! Thank you!
好 好吧  Okay. All right. Okay.
好了  Okay.
我愿意  I do.
我愿意  I do.
你听到了吗  Do you hear that?
听到了 不是把他锁在房间里了吗  Yes. I thought we locked him in his room.
是啊  We did!
嗨 妈妈 嗨 外公  Hi, Mom. Hi, Papa.
丹尼斯    丹尼斯  Dennis!    Dennis!
丁克斯在哭 所以我们把它放出来了  Tinkles was crying, so we let him out.
丁克斯 坐下  Tinkles, sit!
是谁出的馊主意让丹尼斯养小狗的  Whose idea was it to let Dennis have a puppy?
是您吧  Yours?
没错  Right.
可怜的丁克斯  Poor Tinkles.
丹尼斯…  Dennis...
听着 亲爱的 我知道你很爱丁克斯  Look, honey, I know you love Tinkles,
但我们不能带着我们的狗…  but we're not allowed to bring our dogs...
我是说 宠物 到处跑  I mean, our pets everywhere.
好吗  Okay?
好吧  Okay.
我沉浸在爱河里    我爱上了一个怪物  I'm in love    I'm in love with a monster
DJ强尼在这里  DJ Jazzy Johnny in the house.
让我们有请这对幸福的新人 刺刺夫妇  It's time to welcome the happy couple, Mr. and Mrs. Prickles!
新娘新郎邀请大家  The bride and groom invite everyone
一起进入舞池  to join them on the dance floor.
永远 永远  Always and forever
想跳个舞吗  Care to dance?
和你在一起的每一个瞬间  Each moment with you
就是她吗  Is that her?
你瞧啊  Watch out now.
她身上的每一处都太完美了  She got stitches in all the right places.
好吧 她绝对不是你亲戚 弗兰克  Okay, there's no way that is related to you, Frank.
不 她是我右手臂主人的表妹  No, she's my right arm's cousin.
我现在看出来了  I see it now.
弗兰克希望我来见你  Frank wanted me to meet you.
我们的胳膊是表亲 隔了两代  We're arm cousins, twice removed.
当然  Of course.
这肱二头肌我到哪都能认出来  I'd recognize that bicep anywhere.
他认为 既然我们俩都单身 说不定能合得来  He thought, since we're both single, we might hit it off,
或许能来场约会  maybe go on a date?
约会  "Date"?
只是 那个…  It's just that, eh...
DJ台可是个神圣的地方  The DJ booth is a sacred space!
我喜欢这首歌  I love this song!
你不喜欢吗  Don't you?
德古拉  Dracula?
他去哪了  Oh, where'd he go?
德古拉…  Dracula...
怎么了 德古拉 你不喜欢她吗  What's the matter, Drac, you didn't like her?
无意冒犯 但是你不能太挑剔了  No offense, but you can't be too picky.
你已经一百年没有约会过了  You haven't had a date in 100 years.
听着 伙计们 很感谢你们的关心  Look, guys, I appreciate your concern,
但没办法  but it's not up to me.
一辈子只能心动一次 我已经心动过了  You only Zing once, and I did.
时代在变 老兄  Times have changed, buddy.
现在你甚至可以在手机上跟某个人相爱  You can even find someone to Zing with on your phone now.
什么 真的吗  What? Really?
不 不 不  Oh. Oh, no, no, no.
我太忙了  I'm far too busy.
我有梅维丝和丹尼斯 还有旅馆…  I have Mavis and Dennis and the hotel, and bleh, bleh  bleh.
你们听到了吗  Um, did you guys hear that?
他刚才真的在说…  He actually said, "Bleh, bleh  bleh."
我从来不说…  I don't say, "Bleh, bleh  bleh"!
有什么能帮你的 黑暗之王  What can l help you with, lord of Darkness?
我在寻找一段爱情  Eh, uh, I'm looking for a Zing.
好的 更换手机铃声  Okay. Changing phone ring.
不 不 我想要一次约会  No, no. I'm looking for a date.
日期是 七月十三日 星期五  The date is Friday, july 13th.
不 不 不  No, no, no.
我想和某个人出去见面  I want to meet someone.
明白了 你是想去吃点心  Understood, you want to eat dim sum!
你在跟我开玩笑吗  Are you kidding me right now?
你听不明白吗 我想要次约会  Don't you get it? I want to go on a date!
我好孤单  I'm lonely.
我明白了  I understand
你想要香肠  You want baloney.
什么 看看那头发 拜托  What? Look at that hair. Come on.
眼睛太多了  Ah. Too many eyes.
眼睛太少了  Too few eyes.
对长触角的不感兴趣  Not into tentacles.
"匹配成功"  "Match found"?
不 不 不  No, no, no!
最重要的是  First things first.
我可不是闹着玩的  I'm not into games.
你最好有份工作 而且我的猫必须喜欢你  You'd better have a job, and my cats have to like you.
不  Oh, no.
天啊 不  Oh, whoa, no.
爸爸  Dad?
梅维丝  Mavis! Oh.
你来这做什么  What are you doing here?
我刚在检查蜜月套房 然后听到有动静  I was just checking on the honeymoon suite, and I heard something.
对不起 我的小甜心  Oh, I'm sorry, my little bedbug.
我刚刚在打扫阁楼  I was just cleaning the attic.
太脏了 没错…  It's so dirty, ah, yes...
那是谁    你在打电话吗  Who is that?    Are you on the phone?
什么 这个吗  What, this?
我只是想找个女佣  I was just trying to find a maid
来帮我收拾这些乱七八糟的    女佣  to help me with the mess.    A maid?
你以为…  Who do you think...
谢谢 我会看看你的资料  Thank you, I'll check your references
然后再打给你 再见  and get back to you. Goodbye!
老爸  Dad.
别再隐瞒我了  Stop trying to hide it from me.
隐瞒谁 什么意思 我吗  Hide? Who? I mean, what? Me?
对  Yes.
而且我知道你在干什么  And I know what it is.
是吗  Really?
你工作得太辛苦 压力太大了  You're stressed out from working too hard.
好吧 没错  Okay, yes.
被你发现了  You got me.
旅馆太大了 你知道的  It's a big hotel, you know?
不可能面面俱到  Can't get to everything.
但是 你呢  But what about you?
你自己也很忙啊  You're pretty busy yourself.
我知道  I know.
虽然看起来我们一起工作的时间更多了  It seems like now that we're working together more,
但真正相处的时间却更少了  we're seeing each other less.
对 你说得对  Yeah. You're absolutely right.
我工作太忙了 你工作也太忙了  I am working too much, you're working too much.
我们真该休息一下 就从现在开始  We should really take a break, starting right now.
晚安  Night  night.
我还在呢  I'm still here!
嘿 亲爱的  Hey, honey.
你准备好…  You ready for...
今晚的约会了吗  date night?
没关系 亲爱的  That's okay, sweetheart.
你睡吧  You rest.
你知道吗 爸爸说的对  You know, Dad's right.
我们是该休息一下了  We need a break.
我们需要重新聚在一起 像家人一样  We need to all be together again, like a family.
像以前那样  Like we used to.
你是否因工作过量而精疲力竭  Are you overworked and stressed out?
你是否需要来个家庭旅游  Do you need some family time?
你是怪物吗  Are you a monster?
那你就需要一个假期  Then you need a vacation,
一个怪物假期  a monster vacation.
出发吧 出发吧 出发吧  Sail away, sail away, sail away
现代航空
欢迎乘坐  Welcome aboard
小妖精航空  Gremlin Air.
女士们 先生们  Ladies and gentlemen,
请注意机舱前方  please direct your attention to the front of the cabin.
为了您的安全 请解开安全带  For your safety, please unbuckle your seat belts.
在航行中 我们有可能会经历客舱失压  In the likely event we experience a sudden drop in cabin pressure,
我们将为您提供氧气面罩  oxygen will be provided.
能帮你收好行李吗 先生  Can I stow that for you, sir?
好的 谢谢了  All right. Thanks.
饮料 零食 饮料  Beverages. Snacks. Beverages.
饮料 零食  Beverages. Snacks.
饮料  Beverages.
要咖啡吗    那就太好了  Coffee?    That would be lovely.
梅维丝 拜托了 你这是在折磨我  Mavis, please, you're torturing me.
你知道我讨厌惊喜  You know I hate surprises.
这是个有趣的惊喜  This is a fun surprise.
没有什么有趣的惊喜  There are no fun surprises.
能不能先告诉我我们要去哪儿  Just tell me where we're going.
为什么我们在飞机上  Why are we on a plane?
我们自己就能飞 你知道的  We can fly, you know.
在我们那个年代 人们都是坐火车  Back in my day, people took trains.
那才叫品味  Now, that's classy.
没错 爸爸 四十个小时挤在一个小隔间里  Sure, Dad. Forty hours in a closet  sized room
跟着你和伯尼叔叔 还有他发臭的雪茄  with you and Uncle Bernie and his smelly cigars,
争论到底谁更漂亮  arguing who was more attractive,
是埃及艳后还是奈费尔提蒂  Cleopatra or Nefertiti.
奈费尔提蒂…  Nefertiti.
行了 爸爸 谢谢你  Okay, Dad, thank you.
梅维丝 这可真是个惊喜  Mavis, this is such an amazing surprise!
我等不及和我最爱的人们一起去度假了  I can't wait to spend time with the people I love most.
但是我求求你  But I beg of you,
告诉我 我们到底要去哪里  tell me where we're going!
不 我已经安排好了一切  Nope. I've taken care of everything,
所以你就不必操心了  so you don't need to worry.
你最近压力太大了  You've been so stressed out lately.
是时候放松一下了  It's time for you to relax.
好多了吧  Now, isn't that better?
是的  Oh, yes.
真舒服  So relaxed.
我去看看那个谁 你懂的  I'm gonna go check on you  know  who.
我去去就回  I'll be right back.
我得去趟厕所  I have to go to the bathroom.
嗨 你看到那个了吗  Hey, did you see that?
丹尼斯去厕所了  Dennis went to the bathroom!
好吧  Okay.
嘿 你在哪  Psst. Hey, where are you?
你在这啊 丁克斯  There you are, Tinkles.
别担心 我们不会把你一个人丢在家里的  Don't worry, we'd never leave you home alone.
好了 伙计们 你们可以随意走动了  Okay, folks, you're free to move about the cabin,
因为我们已经开始降落了  as we have started our descent.
周末有什么计划吗 比尔  So, any big plans for the weekend there, Bill?
你懂的 和往常一样  Oh, you know, the usual.
要带孩子们去踢足球  Got to take the kids to soccer.
零食 饮料  Snacks. Beverages.
零食 饮料 零食  Snacks. Beverages. Snacks.
女士们先生们 我们已经到达目的地  Ladies and gentlemen, we've arrived at our destination,
百慕大三角洲  the Bermuda Triangle.
欢迎来到百慕大三角洲  Welcome to the Bermuda Triangle,
你们将在这里展开一场惊心动魄的游轮之旅  where you'll embark on a monster cruise of a lifetime.
一艘游轮  A cruise?
惊喜吧  Surprise!
不 你… 不  Oh, no, you... No.
但这只是一个在水上的旅馆  But it's just like a hotel on the water.
我只是觉得你需要一个假期  I just figured you need a vacation
不用再为其他人的假期操心  from running everyone else's vacation.
你几乎不出旅馆 自从…  You've barely been out of the hotel since...
自从妈妈去世以后  Well, since Mom died.
但这是一次创造新回忆的机会  But this is a chance to make new memories,
大家都在一起  with all of us.
还有丹尼斯  With Dennis.
船    船  Boat!    Boat!
是谁带大了你这么棒的女儿  Who made you such an amazing daughter?
是你  You.
没错  That's right!
我真是个了不起的爸爸  What a father I am.
来吧 丹尼斯 我们上船吧  Come on, Denisovich, let's get cruising!
好  Yay!
传承号
好了 笑一个  Okay. Smile.
谢谢  Thank you.
禁止宠物
"宠物禁止入内"  "No pets allowed"?
完美  Perfect.
欢迎登船 你好吗  Welcome aboard. How are you doing?
丹尼斯 快点    很高兴见到你  Dennis, come on.    Nice to see you.
很棒的衬衫  Oh, lovely shirt. Yes.
你好 欢迎登船  Oh, hello. Welcome aboard.
这是鲍勃  Uh, this is Bob.
说你好 鲍勃  Say hi, Bob.
"你好 鲍勃"  "Hi, Bob."
我的天啊 格里芬  Oh, my gosh, Griffin.
我太兴奋了  I'm, like, so excited.
这是我去过最棒的旅馆  This is, like, the nicest hotel I've ever been to.
没错  Yeah!
天啊 这也太炫酷了  Man, this is amazing!
有这么多好玩的  There's so much to do!
奥运会规格的泳池  Olympic  size swimming pool...
吃到撑的自由餐  All  you  can  eat buffet...
全套服务的水疗  Full  service spa...
我要做个海草磨皮  Whoo! I'm gonna get me a seaweed rewrap!
听上去这里能做的所有项目  Wow, it sounds like everything we can do
在我们自己的旅馆都能做到  at our hotel!
除了它是在水上  Except on the water!
你做到了 亲爱的  You nailed it, honey.
你爸爸会爱死这一切的  Your dad is going to love this!
有史以来最棒的假期  Best summer vacation ever!
之后的行程会更棒的  Wait till you see the itinerary.
真棒  That's nice.
弗兰克 火危险 还记得吗  Frank, "fire bad." Remember?
对 没错  Oh, yeah, right,
但是 也许你会在船上找到  but, uh, maybe you'll find
属于自己的烟火 对吗  your own fireworks on the cruise, huh?
这不是爱之船 弗兰克  It's not the Love Boat, Frank.
我来这里 只是为了和家人共度好时光的  I'm just here to have fun with my family.
大家好  Ahoy there!
欢迎登船  Welcome aboard!
那是谁  Whoa! Who is that?
我是船长艾丽卡  I am Captain Ericka.
没错 我是人类  And, yes, I'm human.
但不要因此而对我有成见  But don't hold that against me.
能有幸邀请大家来到史上第一个怪物邮轮  I could not be more excited to have all of you on board
真的让我太激动了  our first  ever monster cruise!
老爸 你还好吗  Dad? Are you okay?
不 他心脏病发作了  Oh, no! He's having a heart attack!
德古拉 不会吧  Drac? Not likely.
只有用木桩插他的心脏 才能让他犯心脏病  Yeah, the only heart attack that can hurt him is with a wooden stake.
那肯定就是中风了  It must be a stroke!
其实 我觉得可能是因为她  Actually, I think it might be her.
别乱戳 先生 我站在这呢  Ow! Watch where you're pointing, mister, I'm right here.
你总是站得离我这么近  You always stand so close to me.
怪吓人的  It's creepy.
长久以来 怪物们一直生活在黑暗之中  For so long, monsters were hiding, living in the shadows,
但再也不必这样了  but not anymore!
你们可以站起来 挥舞你们的双手  You've stood up and waved your hand
爪子 或触角  or claw or tentacle
然后说"我们在这里 我们就是毛茸茸的  and said, "We're here, we're hairy,
我们有权利长得吓人"  and it is our right to be scary!"
让我们尽情庆祝吧  Now it's time to celebrate!
你们将享用美食 刺激的探险  You'll enjoy gourmet dining, thrilling adventures,
和不间断的娱乐项目  and nonstop entertainment,
直到我们抵达最终的目的地  all on the way to our final destination,
那座失落的岛屿 已不再沉默  the lost city that isn't lost anymore,
亚特兰蒂斯  Atlantis!
太棒了  Oh, yeah!
这些鱼还会杂技  Whoa! The fish are acrobats!
他们是杂技鱼  They're fishcrobats!
你好 大家好吗  Hello. How y'all doing?
那么  So...
您一定就是独一无二的德古拉了  You must be the one and only Dracula.
我等了很久 总算见到你了  I have waited so long to meet you.
你真的不会变老 对吗  Wow, you really don't age, do you?
真羡慕你的皮肤  I would kill for your skin.
你在说特兰西瓦尼亚语  Oh. You're speaking Transylvanian.
我一直很想学  Oh. Always wanted to learn.
真是门浪漫的语言  Oh, such a romantic language.
知道吗 带点口音  You know, there's just something about an accent
总是会让男人听上去很睿智  that makes a man sound so intelligent.
那是特兰西瓦尼亚语  That's Transylvanian right there.
他说的是 很高兴认识你  He's saying it's nice to meet you.
好吧 那"我也很高兴认识你"  Well, then "alibooboo" to you as well.
德古拉 德古拉 振作点  Drac! Drac, snap out of it.
等等 我早就想这么干了  Wait. I've always wanted to do this.
醒醒 醒醒 德古拉  Wake up! Wake up, Drac!
振作点  Snap out of it!
嘿 别闹了  Hey, cut it out!
嘿 哥们 你还好吗  Hey, buddy, you okay?
不 不太好  No, not okay.
一点都不好  Not okay!
我…我…  I... I...
我  I...
动心了  Zinged.
我去到摩托车店 说 卖了它  I went to the moped store, I said, "Sell it"
售货员说 嗨 你的预算是多少  Salesman's like, "What up? What's your budget?"
我说 我实际上对摩托车一无所知  And I'm like, "Honestly, I don't know nothing about mopeds"
他说 那我知道给你哪辆了 跟我来  He said, "I got the one for you, follow me"
太酷了  Ooh, it's too real
一个镀铬的玻璃 我不需要挡风玻璃  A chromed  out mirror, I don't need a windshield
这真是美妙的一天  It's a lovely day
快看  Check that out!
好了  Here we go.
秀色可餐啊  Mmm, yummy.
再会  Auf Wiedersehen
非常感谢  Danke schoen
爸爸  Papa.
"儿童俱乐部"  "Kids Club."
什么是儿童俱乐部  What's a kids club?
鱼  Fish.
是的 亲爱的  That's right, dear.
我还是不太明白  I'm still not sure I understand.
你会专门照顾我的孩子们 一整天  You take my kids, all day, on purpose?
鱼  Fish.
是的  That's right.
你到底还有什么不明白的  What exactly don't you understand?
为什么    嘘  Why? Ow!    Shh.
这样他们可以玩得开心 你也可以玩得开心  So they can have a great time, and you can have a great time.
鱼  Fish.
别担心 你可以在晚上把他们接回去  Oh, don't worry, you get them back at the end of the day.
鱼  Fish.
好吧 总比没有好  Oh, well. That's better than nothing.
那么  So...
我们现在该做什么呢  What do we do now?
我觉得…  I think
我们想做什么都可以  we do whatever we want.
什么都可以吗  "Whatever we want"?
什么都可以  Whatever we want.
做什么都行  Whatever we want.
做什么都行  Whatever we want!
做什么都行    做什么都行  Whatever we want!    Whatever we want!
别走 救命    想做什么就做什么  Stop! Help me!    Whatever we want.
想做什么就做什么    想做什么就做什么  Whatever we want.    Whatever we want.
你好  Oh, hi. Hello.
你们好吗  How y'all doing?
晚上好 船长  Good evening, Captain.
你好 我的天啊  Well, hello. Oh, my goodness.
你介意 抬一下尾巴吗  Would you mind, uh, lifting your tail?
你懂的…  You know...
当然  Certainly.
好的 非常感谢  Okay. Thank you so much.
你好  Oh, hello.
欢迎登船  Welcome aboard.
你说得太对了 曾祖父  Ugh! You were so right, Great  Grandfather.
怪物们真恶心  Monsters are disgusting!
它们是野兽  They're animals!
我马上到  I'll be right there.
德古拉 他在船上吗  Dracula, is he on board?
是的 我见到他了 面对面  Yes. I saw him. Face  to  face.
我对他很客气  I was so nice to him.
他那苍白的面孔和愚蠢的笑容  That pale face of his and his goofy smile,
炫耀着他的尖牙  showing off his fangs.
就和您说的一样  Argh, it's just like you taught me!
它甚至比我想象的更可怕  It's even worse than I feared!
那是个不祥之夜  It was that fateful night that
我意识到 人类永远无法打败怪物  I realized a human could never defeat a monster.
但我绝对不会让我们家族的使命消失的  But I wouldn't let our family legacy die.
于是 我开始寻找答案  And so, I began to search for an answer.
最终我在一本古书中  And I saw it in an ancient text,
找到一份无敌破坏乐谱  an instrument of destruction
破坏力强到可以摧毁亚特兰蒂斯  so powerful it destroyed Atlantis,
一整座城的怪物  a whole city of monsters.
它在废墟深处 等待着  And there, deep within the rubble, it lay, waiting.
我一直都在寻找这座失落之城  Endlessly, I searched for the lost city
时光飞逝 我的身体开始枯萎  Time passed, and my body began to fail me.
真是太悲惨了 艾丽卡  Oh, it was so sad, Ericka.
先是我的肝脏 再是我的脾  First my liver, then my spleen,
紧接着又是两颗肾  followed by a kidney or two.
还有我的金发  Then my golden locks.
但这并不能阻止我  But I wouldn't let that stop me.
我用机器取代了衰竭的器官  I replaced my failing organs with technology!
看看我现在的样子  And look at me now.
真是一大进步  Oh, girl, it's an improvement, really.
当然  Um, sure.
亚特兰蒂斯
如今 经过了120年  And now, after 120 years,
我终于找到了亚特兰蒂斯  I have finally found Atlantis.
别管这么多了  Forget about all this!
我现在就去干掉德古拉  Let me get rid of Dracula right now.
离他那么近 我本来可以…  I was so close to him, I could've just...
不 不 不  No, no, no!
我们必须按计划来  We have to stick to the plan.
把那些怪物引到亚特兰蒂斯  Lure the monsters to Atlantis,
拿到无敌破坏乐谱  retrieve the instrument of destruction,
把它们困住 然后一网打尽  trap them there, and then wipe them out.
就这么简单 艾丽卡  It's simple, Ericka!
向我保证 你不会贸然去杀德古拉  Now, promise me you won't try and kill Dracula.
好吧  Ugh, fine!
我保证  I promise.
保证什么  Promise what?
我保证不会贸然去杀德古拉 行了吧  I promise I won't try and kill Dracula. Okay?
小睡时间
别担心 曾祖父  Don't worry, Great  Grandfather,
我不会贸然去杀他  I won't try and kill him...
我会直接杀了他  I will kill him.
今夜  Tonight...
我只想带你们嗨起来  I just want to take you higher
把你们的戒指甩向天际  Put yo' pinky rings up to the moon
小妞们    都愣着干嘛  Girls    What y'all trying to do?
闪耀着金光的魔法在空气中璀璨夺目  24  karat magic in the air
贯穿你整个身体  Head  to  toe
注意了  Uh, look out
火焰枪
重头戏来了    无敌重头戏  Pop, pop, it's showtime    Showtime
无敌重头戏    无敌重头戏  Showtime    Showtime
看看是谁回来了  Guess who's back again
不知道吗    告诉他们  Oh, they don't know?    Go on, tell 'em
还不知道吗    快告诉他们  Oh, they don't know?    Go on, tell 'em
等我们上场时一切都将揭晓  I'll bet they know as soon as we walk in
秀起来    古巴大链子  Sho' 'nuff    I'm wearing Cuban links
最新款貂皮大衣    没错  Designer'minks    Yeah
别再看了 小心受打击  Don't look too hard, might hurt yourself
小心撞得遍体鳞伤  Known to give the color red The blues
都愣着干嘛呢  Tell me whatcha trying to do
闪耀着金光的魔法在空气中璀璨夺目  24  karat magic in the air
月亮  Moon
小妞们    都愣着干嘛  Girls    What y'all trying to do?
小妞们    都愣着干嘛  Girls    What y'all trying to do?
24克拉的…  24  karat...
快把你们的戒指甩向天际  Put yo' pinky rings up to the moon
跳吧 德古拉  Work it, Dracula.
你懂的  You know it.
真精神 德古拉  Looking good, Drac!
感觉不错 弗兰克  Feeling good, Frank.
瞧瞧你 帅得不行  Look at you, so fancy!
什么 这个吗 没有啦  What? This? Please.
是要吸引谁的注意力吗  Ooh! Dressed to impress, huh?
"吸引"  "Impress"?
我需要让谁印象深刻吗  Who do I need to impress?
嘿 那不是艾丽卡船长吗  Hey, isn't that Captain Ericka?
不…  Oh, no!
什么…  Uh, what?
看错了 不是她  Oops, no, not her.
这也太好玩了  Ooh, that's good!
是很有趣  Very amusing.
抱歉 德古拉 我们从没见过你这样  Sorry, Drac. You know, it's just we've never seen you like this.
我知道  I know.
这根本讲不通  It doesn't make any sense.
我们不能心动两次 这绝对不可能  You can't Zing twice, it's impossible!
但我确实心动了 所以现在该怎么办  But I did! So now what?
梅维丝又会怎么想  And what about Mavis?
她希望你开心 不是吗  She wants you to be happy, right?
我相信她会顺其自然的  I'm sure she'll go with the flow.
不不不  Oh, no, no, no!
梅维丝需要我 她离不开我  Mavis needs me. She depends on me.
我得和家人待在一起  I need to be home with my family.
嘿 莫瑞可能来自埃及  Hey, Murray here may be from Egypt,
但你可是住在尼罗河畔啊  but you're the one in
"顺其自然"  "da Nile."
你们听懂了吗  You guys get that?
你打到了我的…    梅维丝  You hit me right in the...    Mavis!
什么都别说 不然我在梦里也饶不了你们  Don't say a word, or I'll haunt your dreams.
玩得开心吗  Having fun?
你来了我现在更开心了  Oh, I'm having even more fun now that you're here.
知道吗 爸爸  You know, Dad,
能和你一起出来旅行 我觉得很幸运  I feel really lucky to have this time with you.
一家人在一起 感觉真的很特别  All of us together, it's really special.
我也是 你个小机灵鬼  Me, too, spider monkey.
现在 你准备好迎接怪物排球的挑战了吗  Now, are you ready for me to destroy you in monster ball?
怪物排球  Monster ball!
来吧 德古拉外公  Come on, Papa Drac!
那就来吧  Bring it on!
我可是家里的游戏之王  For I am king of family fun!
好了 谁准备好被痛宰了  All right! Who is ready to get pummeled?
我得提醒你一下  I got to warn you,
我可是圣克鲁斯大学业余排球队的替补队员  I played second  team coed intramural volleyball at Santa Cruz.
行啊 朋友 随你怎么说  Sure, pal. Whatever you say.
朋友们 请小心我的头发  Everybody, just please watch the hair.
小心我的头发  Watch the hair!
来吧 我们开始吧  Let's go! Let's do this!
天啊 这比赛肯定很有趣  Oh, my gosh, this is gonna be so much fun.
准备好  Get ready.
球来了  Here comes the pain!
别打到头发 别打到头发  Not the hair! Not the hair!
不 不 不…  No, no, no!
很好  All right!
艾丽卡船长 甲板需要您  Captain Ericka, you are needed on deck.
下一站 永别了 德古拉  Next stop... Buh  bye, Dracula.
很好 宝贝  All right, baby!
宝贝 这球我来接  Oh, baby, I got this.
你们好 怪物们  Hey there, monsters.
太棒了 我说什么来着  Yeah! What'd I say!
我们即将抵达我们的第一站  We're arriving at our first destination.
水下火山  The underwater volcano!
所有人带好你们的潜水装备  Everyone, grab your scuba gear and get ready to explore
准备开启深海探险之旅吧  the wonders of the sea.
尤其是你  Especially you,
德古拉伯爵  Count Dracula.
看到没 兄弟 她喜欢你  You see that, pal? She likes you.
不 不 不  Oh, no, no, no.
这听起来像她也心动了  That sounds like a Zing in full effect.
不不不  Oh, no, no, no.
就是 就是 就是  Oh, yes, yes, yes.
我来这儿只是为了陪家人度假的  I'm just here to have family fun.
陪家人 陪家人 度假 度假  Family, family, fun, fun.
我看看 放这里怎么样  Hmm, let's see. What about here?
各位 请往这边走  Right this way, everyone.
欢迎来到水下王国的奇迹之一  Welcome to one of the true wonders of the underwater kingdom.
向您呈现 德福戈火山  I give you Volcano del Fuego.
这里的海洋生物称它为…  Or, as the local sea life call it...
多可爱的一家人  Aw, what a cute family.
什么 才不是呢  What? No, it's not.
坏蛋德古拉…  Argh! Dracula bad!
弗兰克 我们才刚刚吃过  Frank, we just ate.
真不敢相信你居然又饿了  I can't believe you're hungry already.
我很抱歉 但你知道为什么吗  I'm sorry. You know what it is?
因为我周围游的都是海鲜  It's all... Just all that seafood just swimming around,
然后我一看见吃的就…  and when I "see food..."
天啊 我走了  Oh, man! I'm gone.
德古拉 德古拉 德古拉  Dracula, Dracula, Dracula!
德古拉 德古拉  Dracula, Dracula!
就差那么一点  I get so close,
但感觉他好像在挑逗我  but it's almost like he's teasing me.
我实在忍无可忍了  I just, I can't stand it anymore.
我必须拿下他  I have to get him!
天啊 那座海底火山看起来真够热的  Boy, that underwater volcano looked hot.
嗨 鲍勃  Hi, Bob.
对了 我们说过要和你一起…  Right. We promised you we'd play, uh,
去打乒乓球的  ping  pong now.
丹尼斯 这位是谁  Dennis? Who is this?
这是我们的朋友 鲍勃  It's our friend, Bob.
说 嗨 鲍勃    "嗨 鲍勃"  Say hi, Bob.    "Hi, Bob."
好了 去打乒乓球吧  Okay! Time to go play ping  pong.
德古拉    德古拉  Drac!    Drac!
德古拉    德古拉  Drac!    Drac!
嘿 伙计们 哪里着火了吗  Hey, boys, where's the fire?
那个 格里芬他…  Oh, well, Griffin here, he...
他有话想和你说    我…  He has something to tell you.    Me? Uh...
对 我的手被咬了 然后 你懂的  Yeah, I got this bite on my hand, and since, you know,
你是这方面的专家 我想你帮我看看  you're a biting expert, I thought you could take a look.
对 来这边    光线好一些  Yeah. Come on over here.    The light is better.
好吧  Okay...
好了 到底怎么了  Okay, what is going on?
你们这些家伙平常就够奇怪了  You guys are acting weirder than normal,
现在比平常还要奇怪  and your normal is pretty weird.
你不会相信我们听到什么了 但是…  You are not gonna believe what we heard, but...
艾丽卡爱上了德古拉  Ericka loves the Drac
她对德古拉的爱没个够  She can't get enough of that Drac
德古拉回来了  Drac is back
他又心动了  He's got the Zing
心动 心动  The Zinga  Zing
我告诉过你 我不想让梅维丝不开心  I told you I don't want to upset Mavis.
可你们到底在说些什么  But what are you talking about?
好 听着 弗兰克饿了 这没什么稀奇的  Okay, well, see, Frank got hungry, so no surprise there...
然后我们游回船的时候  But we swam back to the ship,
发现艾丽卡对你赞不绝口  and we found Ericka raving about you.
兄弟 没有你她活不下去了  She can't live without you, buddy.
是认真的  It's serious!
你无法抗拒心动时刻 宝贝  You can't deny the Zing, baby
德古拉 这太棒了  So, Drac, this is great.
你会对她采取行动吗  Are you gonna make a move on the captain, or what?
是的  Uh, yes.
也许吧  Maybe?
不  No.
已经那么多年了 我都不知道该从哪开始  It's been a while. I don't even know where to start.
这很简单 德古拉 就随便聊几句  It's easy, Drac. Just make some small talk.
记得要微笑    看着她的眼睛  Remember to smile.    Look into her eyes.
随意一点    说些有趣的事  Keep it casual.    Say something funny.
问问她 她的四肢是哪儿来的  Ask her where her parts are from.
夸她的缠身布很好看  Oh, and say that her wrappings look nice.
"你喜欢住棺材吗 "    夸她就好  "Do you like coffins?"    Compliment her.
夸她脖子看上去很美味    她来了  "Your neck looks delicious."    Here she comes.
好了 德古拉 上吧  Okay, Drac, hit it.
你诱人的脖子被缠身布裹在一个漂亮的棺材里  Your delicious neck wrappings are in a nice coffin.
你想看看我的身体吗  Would you like to see my parts?
好啊 我愿意和你约会  Yes, I'd love to go out with you.
什么  What?
什么  What?
午夜 酒吧见  Cantina. Midnight.
别迟到  Don't be late.
真险啊  That was a close one.
等等 别跑 丁克斯 别跑    等等 丁克斯 回来  Wait! Stop it, Tinkles, stop!    Wait, Tinkles. Come back.
丁克斯 别跑    等等  Tinkles, stop!    Wait!
不 不 不  No, no, no!
丁克斯 别这样  Tinkles, stop!
我被发现了  I've been found!
你永远抓不到我 怪物  You'll never get me, monster!
丁克斯 停下  Tinkles, stop.
各位 我们即将抵达下一站 荒芜之岛  Everybody, we are pulling up to our next stop, the Deserted Island.
是时候在沙滩上狂欢了  It's time to get lost on the beach,
我们希望你们玩得开心 放松身心  and we hope you'll find yourself some fun and relaxation.
沙滩时刻  Beach time!
强尼 你把东西都准备好  Johnny, you go set everything up.
爸爸 你去排队买甜筒  And, Dad, you go get in line for the snow cones.
其实 我在想你和强尼  You know, actually, I was thinking you and Johnny
应该多花些时间在一起  should spend some time together.
你们叫它什么来着 约会之夜  What do you call it again? Eh, date night?
约会之夜  Date night?
那你打算做什么    我打算  What are you gonna do?    Well, I thought
和兄弟们借着这次机会  me and the guys would take this opportunity
与丹尼斯共度美好时光  to spend some quality time with Dennis.
好吧 这个主意不错  Oh. Okay. That's a great idea.
来吧 强尼 约会之夜  Come on, Johnny. Date night.
约会之夜  Date night!
好了 去捡吧  Okay, here you go!
乖狗狗    轮到我了  Good girl!    I got this one.
那是什么  What was that?
听上去像是我们的孩子  It sounds like our children.
就是我们的孩子  It is our children!
快跑    快跑  Run!    Run!
救命 来个人  Please! Help! Someone!
找一下他们父母  Get the parents!
弗兰克 在我被月光晒伤前  Frank? Would you rub some moonscreen on my back
能帮我擦点防晒霜吗  before I get burned?
等一下 亲爱的  Wait one second, honey.
孩子们把我埋在沙子里了  You know, the kids buried me in the sand.
谢谢你 亲爱的  Thanks, honey.
再来一杯吗    当然  Shall we have another?    Sure.
感觉真好    干了吧  Sounds good.    Straight up.
这个地方是不是很棒  Isn't this place amazing?
这菜单居然在瓶子里  The menu is in a bottle!
太有才了  Genius!
是不是很棒 亲爱的  Isn't that awesome, honey?
什么  What?
抱歉  Oh, sorry.
我刚才在想我爸爸  I was just thinking about my dad.
你不觉得他最近很奇怪吗  Don't you think he's acting weird lately?
不觉得  Not really.
除了十分迷恋船长之外  Besides having a huge crush on the captain.
什么    没错  What?    Oh, yeah.
爱情的小船肯定会再次扬帆了  The Love Boat is definitely making another run.
不可能 他是…  No way. He's...
他可是我爸爸  He's my dad.
我知道 是有些奇怪  I know, right? It's weird.
当我父母接吻时 我还是会闭着眼  When my parents kiss, I still close my eyes.
我之前从未想过  I guess I never thought about him
爸爸会和妈妈以外的人在一起  with anyone besides my mom.
不过 你还是可以接受的 对吗  You're cool with it, though, right?
当然 我希望他幸福  Of course. I want him to be happy.
绝对的  Totally.
绝对的  Totally.
晚上好 我的朋友  Buenas noches, mi amigo.
你有什么特别的饮料 可以给我解渴吗  Have you a beverage to quench me of my parchment?
有 当然有 卓柏卡布拉先生  Yes, of course, Mr. Chupacabra.
十分感谢  Muchas gracias.
你真迷人  You look ravishing.
谢谢 我只是…  Thank you. I just...
那个…  So, um...
艾丽卡船长姓什么呢  Does Captain Ericka have a last name?
鳄梨酱  Oh, guacamole!
"艾丽卡鳄梨酱"  "Ericka Guacamole"?
还真洋气  That's so international.
不 我是说一起尝尝鳄梨酱  No. Guacamole for us to share.
今晚的月色多美啊  Oh, how beautiful is that full moon tonight?
看 就在你身后  Look. Right behind you.
大蒜油
这里的食物真是太美味了  The food here is to die for.
我的天啊 好多鳄梨酱  Holy moly, that was a lot of guacamole.
你还好吗  Are you feeling all right?
我很好 怎么了  Totally fine. Why?
没什么  No reason.
鳄梨酱里一定有大蒜  There must have been garlic in the guacamole.
不  Oh, no.
对你来说是不是很致命  Isn't that deadly for you?
不 不 不 我只是…  No, no, no. It's just that I'm...
大蒜不耐受  Garlic intolerant.
是你放的吗  Was that you?
太棒了  Oh, yeah!
海豚冲浪  Dolphin surfing!
嗨 妈妈 嗨 爸爸  Hi, Mama. Hi, Papa.
嘿 嘿  Hey  hey.
我在这儿  Hey there.
爸爸    嗨  Papa.    Hidey  ho!
嗨  Hi.
我爸爸也在这里吗  Is my dad in there, too?
别担心 我在这儿呢…  Don't worry, I'm over here. Bleh, bleh  bleh.
没有 外公不在这里 他去约会了  No, Papa Drac's not here. He's on his date.
约会  Date?
请原谅我…  Please, forgive me,
我只是太紧张了  I'm just very nervous.
你要知道  You see,
自从我妻子去世后  I haven't had a date since
我就再也没有约过会了  my wife died.
你女儿当时多大  How old was your daughter?
她还是个婴儿  She was just an infant.
做一个单身父亲真的很难  It was hard being a single dad,
但我尽力了  but I did my best.
我也从没见过我母亲  I never knew my mother, either.
还有父亲  Or my father.
我很抱歉  I'm so sorry.
是谁养大你的  Who raised you?
我的曾祖父  My great  grandfather.
我基本是在这艘船上长大的  I basically grew up on this ship.
所以你现在是船长了  That's why you're a captain.
是的 这就是我的一切  Yeah. It's all I've ever known.
家里人期望我成这个样子  It was just expected.
你懂的 家庭嘛  You know, a family thing.
我明白 家庭就是一切  I understand, family is everything.
你必须尊重家族的历史  You have to honor the past.
但未来由我们自己创造  But we make our own future.
爸爸  Dad?
梅维丝  Mavis!
强尼  Johnny!
我刚和艾丽卡船长在讨论酒店行业  Captain Ericka and I were just discussing the hospitality industry.
只是工作的事情  You know, just work stuff.
你现在在工作吗  You're working now?
你本该是来这儿度假的  This is supposed to be a vacation.
家庭旅行  A family vacation.
我还有一些船长的事情 要去处理  I should really go do captain  y things.
爸爸 你说过你会和丹尼斯在一起的  Dad, you said you were gonna spend time with Dennis.
丹尼斯 丹尼斯 丹尼斯  Dennis. Dennis? Dennis.
你说得对 那孩子去哪儿了  Oh! Yeah, you're right. Where is that kid?
丹尼斯 你应该待在我身边的  Denisovich? You're supposed to be with me.
来吧 孩子 现在是家庭时间  Come on now, kid, it's family time.
别躲了 丹尼斯  Quit hiding. Dennis?
怎么回事  What was that about?
你是说你爸爸的约会  You mean your dad's date?
这不是约会  It wasn't a date.
这是工作上的事情  It was work stuff.
我告诉你 强尼  I'm telling you, Johnny,
我不信任那个女人  there is something about that woman I don't trust.
但是你希望你爸爸幸福 对吗  But you want your dad to be happy, right?
是  Yes.
但不是和她一起  Just not with her.
小心 亲爱的  Heads up, honey.
这个鳄梨酱里都是大蒜  This guac is loaded with garlic.
大蒜  Garlic?
真是动听的曲调 亲爱的  That was a cute toot, honey.
我们整晚都没睡    干脆白天也别睡了  We've been up all night!    Let's stay up all day, too!
我们狂欢吧  Let's get wild!
艾丽卡    什么事  Ericka!    What?
你刚去哪里了 年轻人  Just where have you been, young lady?
在工作  Uh, doing work.
穿成这样吗  Wearing that?
你刚和他在一起 我就知道  You were with him! I know it!
谁  Who?
"谁"你知道是谁  "Who?" You know who!
你一直偷偷的背着我  You've been sneaking around my back
又想一个人去杀德古拉 对不对  trying to kill Dracula again, haven't you?
是又怎样 我是个成年女性  So what if I have? I am a grown woman!
我有权决定杀谁  I have the right to kill whoever I want.
这可不仅仅是你一个人的事情  It's not just about you.
你会毁掉家族事业的  You could have ruined the legacy.
如果他发现你是谁怎么办  What if he discovered who you were?
我知道 我没想那么多  I know. I wasn't thinking.
他身上有某种东西  There's just something about him
简直让我快疯了  that just drives me crazy!
只要一看到他 我就想…  I just, I see him, and I want to...
揍他  Punch him?
估计是吧  I guess.
我等不及想要解决他了  Just, I can't wait to get this over with.
别担心 不会太久了  Don't worry, it won't be long now.
一旦你拿到了无敌破坏乐谱  Once you recover the instrument of destruction,
就没人能阻止我们了  no one can stop us.
就连德古拉也不行  Not even Dracula!
打扰了    间谍  Excuse me.    Spies!
现在 快 趁没来人之前  Now, quickly, before someone comes!
请大家在甲板上集合  Everyone assemble on the forward deck.
我们已经到达了最终的目的地  We are arriving at our final destination.
在物种起源的深处  From the depths of creation,
这座伟大的城市即将再次苏醒  the mighty city has risen once again.
世界上最伟大的  Home to the greatest monster civilization
怪物文明之乡  the world has ever known,
它优雅 精致 其艺术 文化远超罗马和雅典  far surpassing Athens and Rome in art, culture and sophistication.
为您介绍传说中失落的城市 亚特兰蒂斯  I give you the legendary lost city of Atlantis.
超级大海怪  It's a giant Kraken!
有一个地方你一定要去  There's a place you've gotta be
数千部落藏匿于海里  A thousand leagues beneath the sea
它在等着我和你  And it's waiting over here for you and me
将要带你去旅行  Gonna take you for a ride
但首先你得先进来  But first you've gotta come inside
为今晚的派对做好准备  Get ready, for the party's on tonight
所以只要放松和放松  So relax and just unwind
把你的烦恼全都抛在脑后  Leave your worries all behind
为今晚的派对做好准备  And get ready, for the party's on tonight
欢迎来亚特兰蒂斯  Welcome to Atlantis!
所以 准备好  So get ready
派对时间到了  It's party time
派对时间到了  It's party time!
我太兴奋了  I am so excited!
来吧  Come to Daddy!
二十八点 黑色  Twenty  eight black!
不 你休想  Oh, no, you don't.
上一次你赌博输掉了一支手和一条腿  Last time you gambled, you lost an arm and a leg. Literally!
替换你的四肢…    我跟你四十  Replacement limbs...    I'll raise you 40.
可不像以前那么容易了  ...aren't just lying around like they were in the old days.
所以 不准赌博  So, no gambling.
弗兰克  Frank!
是的 亲爱的 我知道了 不赌博  Yes, dear! Got it! No gambling!
丁克斯 停下    等等  Tinkles, stop.    Wait.
停下来 丁克斯 停下来    等下  Stop it, Tinkles, stop.    Wait.
你们见到梅维丝了吗 我得找到她  Have you guys seen Mavis? I have to find her.
怎么了 出什么事了吗  Why? What's going on?
我想告诉她关于艾丽卡的事  I'm going to tell her about Ericka.
我不能再对我的女儿说谎了  I can't lie to my own daughter anymore.
她对我来说是世界上最重要的人了  She's the most important person in the world to me.
我必须告诉她真相  I have to tell her the truth.
在这之前我得先和艾丽卡谈谈  Right after I talk to Ericka.
嘿  Hey.
好吧 我全都…    弗兰克  All right, I'm all...    Frank,
你知道自已在做什么吗  are you sure you know what you're doing?
当然 我全押  I got this. I'm all in.
强尼 你看到我爸爸了吗  Johnny, have you seen my dad?
可能和鲍勃在一起  Maybe he's with Bob.
他为什么会和鲍勃在一起  Why would he be with Bob?
鲍勃是一个好人  Bob's a great guy.
他在那    谁 鲍勃吗  Oh, there he is.    Who? Bob?
警告 工程施工中
他在那儿 嗨 鲍勃  There he is! Hi, Bob!
在那  There it is.
你救了我的命  You saved my life.
当然 我为什么不呢  Of course. Why wouldn't I?
我只是不敢相信 你会为了一个人类这么做  I just can't believe you would do that for a human.
人类 怪物 有什么区别呢  Humans, monsters, what's the difference?
是啊 对 没错  Yeah, right. Right.
等等 你在这里做什么  Wait. What are you doing here?
你知道 吸血鬼能预见未来  Well, you know, vampires can predict the future,
所以我知道你会需要我的帮助  so I knew you would need my help.
以前从没听说过  Never heard that before.
这是众所周知的  Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a well  known fact.
你又在这里做什么  What are you doing here?
我来这里是为了拿那个东西  Well, I'm here to get that.
对 这是个传家宝  Yeah, it's a family heirloom.
是的 它之前掉到海里了 我的祖父…  Yeah, it was lost at sea, and my great  grandfather is...
曾经非常执着于把它找回来  Was! Uh, was totally obsessed with getting it back.
所以 不管怎么说  So, anywho,
谢谢你救了我的命  thanks for saving my life,
但是我自己可以…  but I can take it from...
看来得小心点  Got to be a little more careful.
你能救我多少次呢  How many times can you save my life, right?
我不知道 大概每一次吧  I don't know. Every time?
真的吗 既然这样…  Really? Well, then...
太神奇了  That was incredible.
你不是还要去取你的传家宝吗  Don't you want to get your family heirloom thingy?
没错  Oh. Right.
拿到了  Got it.
来 让我帮你拿掉吧  Oh, here, let me get that for you.
爸爸  Dad!
梅维丝  Mavis!
你在对我父亲做什么  What are you doing to my father?
等等  Wait!
梅维丝 停下 放她下来  Mavis, stop! Put her down!
不 她想要伤害你  No! She's trying to hurt you.
你怎么就看不出来呢  Why can't you see that?
因为我…  Because I...
因为我心动了  Because I Zinged.
什么  What?
我想我对艾丽卡动心了  I Zinged with Ericka.
不 这绝对不可能  No, that can't be true.
你只能有一次心动  You only Zing once.
我曾经也是这么认为的  That's what I thought, too.
"心动" 什么是心动  "Zing"? What's a Zing?
是怪物们的事情  Well, it's a thing for monsters.
有点像人类所说的"一见钟情"  It's kind of like our "love at first sight."
什么 不  What? No.
不不不… 你甚至都不了解我  No, no, no. You don't even know me.
暂时而已  Well, not yet.
但我们正要…    不 你不懂  But we're just...    No, you don't understand.
我不能和你在一起  I can't be with you.
我永远不会和你这样的人在一起  I could never be with someone like you.
我永远不会爱上  I could never be with
一个怪物  a monster.
爸 我很抱歉  Dad, I'm so sorry.
我…    没关系  I...    It doesn't matter.
你听到她说什么了  You heard what she said.
但是心动是不会错的  But a Zing never lies.
你拿到了  You got it!
对  Yes.
现在 我们得到了无敌破坏乐谱  Now that we have the instrument of destruction,
我们将会完成家族的使命  our family legacy will be fulfilled.
但首先 我们得把他们引到一个舞会上  But first, we'll draw them in with a dance party!
我爱跳舞  I love to dance.
弗兰克 帮我拉下拉链  Frank, could you zip me up?
我们要迟到了  We're gonna be late.
你从哪搞到的这个  Where did you get those?
是这样的 这事说来有趣  See, here's the funny thing.
我赌博把手输掉了  I lost my hands gambling,
但 没什么大不了  but... It's no big deal!
看 我在海鲜自助台上找到了这些  Look, I got these from the seafood buffet.
瞧瞧这个 夹 夹 夹…  Look at this. Clickety  click, click, clack, clack, click, click.
我还蛮喜欢这对钳子的 很喜欢  I kind of like 'em. I like 'em.
我觉得派对在这边  I guess the party's this way.
让我们燥起来吧  Let's get this party started right!
来吧  All right!
什么  What?
我以为他们说派对在这边  I thought they said the party was this way.
贝壳里的DJ  DJ in a clamshell?
太让人嫉妒了  I'm so jealous.
我不敢相信 我爸居然爱上了一个想杀他的人  I can't believe my dad Zinged with someone who's trying to kill him.
是啊 真爱的确会让人做出些疯狂的事  Yeah, the Zing makes you do crazy things.
真的吗 强尼  Really, Johnny?
最重要的是 你要明白  What's most important to understand
爱是一个永恒之谜  is that love is an infinite enigma
远远超出了我们的理解范围  that is beyond our understanding.
你和我曾经也是两个世界的人  You and I were two halves, a world apart.
但是后来 在命运的指引下  But then we followed the strands of destiny
我们相遇了  and were brought together.
你我融为了一体  And our halves made one whole.
但是如果她和他…  But what if she and he...
你要放下消极看法 审视内心  You must release all the negativity and look within.
心与心的结合是分不开的  Your bond is unbreakable.
你说得对 亲爱的  You're right, honey.
谢了  Thanks.
爸爸 你听起来好聪明  You sounded pretty smart, Dad.
是吗 这是我小时候最喜欢的  Oh, that? Yeah, it was just the philosophy
武术电视节目里的功夫大师  of Sifu Sing from my favorite TV show when I was a kid,
所传授的哲学  Kung Fu Shaolin Monk Master.
总之 接着跳舞吧  Anyways, let's get back to dancing!
酷  Cool.
爸爸 你得找艾丽卡谈谈  Dad? You have to talk to Ericka.
什么  What?
我知道 我之前说的话  I know. I know what I said before,
可能我有一点反应过度了  but maybe I overreacted a teensy bit.
我只是害怕失去你  It's just the thought of losing you.
什么 你在说什么 失去我  What? What are you talking about, losing me?
当然 要是你结婚了  Well, obviously, after you get married,
你就会呆在这艘船上 然后去环游世界了  you're gonna live on the ship and travel around the world...
等等 梅维丝  Slow down, Mavis.
有两件事我可以向你保证  There are two things I can promise you.
第一 没有什么能让我离开你  One, nothing can ever take me from you
还有我们的大家庭  and all my family.
第二 我也绝不会住在一艘船上  Two, I will never live on a boat.
你永远是我的可爱小蛛蛛  You're my cute little tarantula.
我怎么可能离开你呢  How could I ever leave you?
好了 现在快去找她谈谈吧  Now, seriously, go talk to her.
我不能去 你也听见她说什么了  I can't. You heard what she said,
她不可能跟我这样的吸血鬼在一起  she could never be with someone like me.
不 爸爸 你现在不完整  No, Dad. You're just a half,
你必须听从命运的安排 找到另一半  and you have to follow your destiny to find
成为一个永恒的整体  an infinite whole.
你这语气真像强尼  You sound like Johnny.
起码 你不能否认你的心动  Point is, you can't deny a Zing.
怪物 人类 独角兽  Monster, human, unicorn...
这些都没关系  It doesn't matter.
所以 去找她吧 就现在  So go to her! Now!
好的 我这就去  Okay. I'm on it.
嘿 朋友 你不能在这  Hey, man, you're not allowed up here.
调音台是个神圣的地方  The DJ booth is a sacred space.
不 丁克斯 安静  No. Tinkles, quiet.
这是谁  Who is this?
我知道你认得我  I know you recognize me,
我是你最强大的敌人  your greatest rival.
对  Oh, right.
你不就是机场下面那家假日酒店的老板吗  You own that Holiday Inn down by the airport.
不 是我  No! It is I,
亚伯拉罕·范海辛  Abraham Van Helsing.
范海辛  Van Helsing?
都过这么多年了  After all these years?
你看起来很糟糕  You look awful.
你的嘴巴总是这么讨厌  Always with the quick insults.
无所谓 反正它会让你闭嘴的  Well, this will shut you up.
还有所有的怪物  And all monsters.
这个不就是艾丽卡的传家宝吗  That's just Ericka's family heirloom thingy.
很好 艾丽卡  Good one, Ericka.
艾丽卡  Ericka?
你这个傻瓜  You fool.
她可不光是这艘船的船长  Not only is she the ship's captain,
她还碰巧是…  but she also happens to be...
等等 你来告诉他  Wait. You tell him.
我是他的曾孙女  I'm his great  granddaughter.
我是 艾丽卡·范海辛  I'm Ericka Van Helsing.
我就知道她不对劲  I knew there was something wrong with her.
但是…  But...
事情是这样的 我…  See, what happened...
既然我们都在这了  Now that we're all caught up,
那就一起受死吧  let's get back to the dying.
瞧啊 这是能灭掉所有怪物的宝物  Behold, the key to the demise of all monsters.
让我看看  Let's see.
好了  Right... Okay.
听听这旋律  Listen to the melody
这是你们的催命符  of your destruction.
这个小玩意儿是干嘛用的  Ooh, what's this little doodad do?
太棒了  Yeah!
嘿 快看 是海怪  Hey, look! It's the Kraken.
所有人 马上撤离  Everybody out! Now!
没路了 大家后退  We're trapped! Everybody back!
太好了  Yay!
宝贝  Baby!
爸爸  Papa!
这一切该结束了  This has to stop now!
德古拉 不  Drac, no!
爸爸  Dad!
梅维丝  Mavis!
永生的德古拉 你的死期到了  Time for the immortal Dracula to die.
爸爸  Dad!
不  No!
艾丽卡  Ericka!
鲍勃 快来帮忙  Bob! Help!
丁克斯  Tinkles?
丹尼斯  Dennis.
不 鲍勃就是丁克斯吗  No. Bob is Tinkles?
他怎么来的  How did he get here?
但感谢上帝 幸好他来了 你看  But thank goodness he did, because look!
你不能这样做  You can't do this!
你对怪物有误解  You're wrong about monsters!
德古拉 他救过我的命  Dracula... He saved my life.
什么  What?
我非常抱歉 德古拉  I'm so sorry, Drac.
我之前一直在找机会杀了你  I was trying to kill you this whole time,
但后来我发现自己犯了大错  but then I realized how wrong I was.
这一切都是错的  How wrong all of this is.
不知不觉中 我…  And then I...
我对你心动了  I Zinged.
"心动" 什么心动  "Zing"? What's a Zing?
这是怪物界的说法  It's a monster thing.
你不会明白的  You wouldn't understand.
那就好比是真爱一样  It's like true love.
真爱  Love?
好吧 我想这个家族的事业就由我来终结吧  Well, I guess the legacy ends with me.
真是个尴尬的结局  that's an awkward ending.
不  Nope!
是时候开始新的传承了  It's time to start a new legacy.
怪物与人类之间的传承  A monster  human legacy.
不  No!
德古拉 是范海辛的音乐控制着那只巨大的章鱼  Drac! Van Helsing's beats are controlling the giant octopus thingy.
要说我有什么讨厌的东西 那就是邪恶的DJ  If there's one thing I hate, it's an evil DJ.
我们需要正能量  We need positive energy!
准备来一场DJ之间的对决吧  Get ready for a DJ battle!
你一直随身带着这些装备吗  You just carry all that stuff around with you?
一日为DJ 终身为DJ  Once a bar mitzvah DJ, always a bar mitzvah DJ.
我们要用美好的音乐 战胜他邪恶的音乐  We're gonna use good music to defeat his evil music.
什么    相信我 我懂音乐  What?    Trust me, I know the tunes,
但是你拥有魔力  but you've got the power.
好了 就这样  All right. Okay.
第一首歌就要燃爆全场  Opening song needs to be off the shizak.
搞定 就放这首  Got it. Play this!
我接收到了幸福的感应  I'm picking up good vibrations
因为她令我激动不已  She's giving me excitations
多么美好    这样的感觉向我袭来  Good    I'm picking up
幸福的感觉  Good vibrations
因为她令我  She's giving me
激动不已  Excitations
多么美好  Good, good, good
幸福的感觉  Good vibrations
因为她令我…  She's giving me...
什么鬼噪音  What is that noise?
我接收到了幸福的感应  I'm picking up good vibrations
她令我激动不已  She's giving me excitations
我喜欢这首歌  Wow! I like this one.
感觉很棒  This feels good.
我们心灵相通  Good vibrations
大傻蛋  The fool.
他的音乐太强大了  His music is too powerful!
我们需要一些更正能量的歌曲  We're gonna need something even more positive.
就是现在 德古拉  Now, Drac!
不必担忧  So don't worry
快乐一点  Be happy
不必担忧  Don't worry
你确定吗    歌词寓意不错  Really?    It has a nice message.
不必担忧  Don't worry
快乐一点  Be happy
我已经受够了这些乱七八糟的声音  I've had enough of this nonsense!
强尼 我们需要的是全宇宙最洗脑  Johnny, we need the most brain  dominating,
最能打动人心的音乐  toe  tappinating song in the history of all the universe.
快点 在哪 到底在哪  Come on. Where is it?
我也不知道  I don't know!
这里有太多歌曲了  There's too many choices.
不 等等  No, wait!
就是它了  This is it.
这是什么…  What the...
天啊 这歌真不怎么样  Boy, that stinks.
起作用了  It's working!
嘿 强尼选的老调音乐打败了邪恶音乐  Hey, Johnny's corny music is defeating the evil music.
我有点喜欢它了  I kind of like it.
不  No!
我被这节奏给洗脑了  I'm a slave to the rhythm!
不  No!
德古拉 你要做什么  Drac, what are you doing?
你不能心中永远充满仇恨  You got to be greater than the haters!
为什么  Why?
为什么 在经历了这一切之后  Why, after everything,
你却还要救我  would you save my life?
因为从本质上来说我们都是一样的  Because basically we are all the same.
爪子或手 两只眼睛或者三只眼睛  Claws or hands, two eyes or three eyes.
绿皮肤    没皮肤  Green skin.    No skin.
易怒的    聪明的  Prickly.    Brainy.
对不起  I'm sorry.
你真了不起  You are amazing.
看着我 丹尼斯 快看着我  Look at me, Dennis. Look at me.
来吧 你不能否认那种感觉  Come on, you can't deny it.
不 我还是个孩子  No! I'm too young to Zing!
好吧 我感觉自己现在有点傻  Well, I feel kind of silly now.
这几十年来 我一直追杀你们  For decades I have hunted your kind,
迫害你们  persecuted you.
我唯一能做的就是补偿你们  The only thing I can do to make it up to you is
给你们  give you
百分之三十的退款  a 30% refund.
真荒谬  Preposterous!
好吧  Oh, all right.
全额退款  Full refund.
维恩 万达 你们怎么了  Wayne, Wanda, what happened to you guys?
是啊 我们在船上都没看到你们  Yeah, we, like, hardly saw you on the cruise.
是啊 我知道  Yeah, I know.
我们被打了镇定剂 大部分时间都被锁在壁橱里  We got tranquilized and spent most of the trip locked in a closet.
我们打算下次假期再预定一次这个旅行  We're gonna book it again for the holidays.
你好 入住吗  Hi. Checking in?
是的 谢谢你  Yes. Thank you.
好的 我已经为您准备好房间了  Great. I have a room all ready for you.
嘿 哥们 帮个忙好吗  Hey, buddy, would you mind?
当然可以 哥们  Sure thing, pal.
好了 怎么了 神神秘秘的  Okay, what's going on, sneaky pants?
没什么  Oh, nothing.
只不过 我想确保没有人可以打扰我们  It's just, I wanted to make sure nobody would bother us.
为什么  Oh! Why?
你是要吸我的血吗…  Are you going to suck  a my blood? Bleh, bleh  bleh.
不是  No.
我想问你  I was going to ask you
你是否愿意嫁给我  if you would marry me.
怎么样 你觉得呢  Well? What do you say?
你愿意嫁给我吗  Will you marry me?
我… 我…  I... I...
什么  Wha...
我的意思是 我  I mean, I... woobee doobeedee?
她说了什么  What did she say?
我不太确定  I'm not sure.
我愿意  Yes!