仙履奇缘2
快啊 葛斯 快一点  Come onGus  Gus. Faster!
杰克 赶什么嘛 赶什么嘛  What's the hurryJaq  Jaq? What's the hurry?
神仙教母来了  Fairy Godmother's here.
她要念辛德瑞拉的故事耶  She's gonna read us the Cinderelly story.
庞庞  Pom  Pom.
"庞庞"  Pom  Pom
葛斯 来吧  Come onGus!
辛德瑞拉跟王子 从此就过着幸福快乐的日子  "Cinderella and the Prince lived happily ever after.
说完了  "The end."
我们错过了  We missed it?
你可以念点别的啊    葛斯 对不起  Maybe you could read another one.    I'm sorryGus
这是唯一的一本关于辛德瑞拉故事书  but that's the onIy Cinderella book there is.
对啊 葛斯 你也听到了 说完了 没有了  YeahGus  Gus. You heard her. The end. That's all.
我们可以自己做一本书  Maybe we could mak e another book.
我们来说故事    还要加上图画  We can tell the stories.    And make the drawings!
对啊...    对啊...  Yeah!    Yeah!
真是一个好主意啊  What an excellent idea.
不对 不对 等一下  Nonowait a minute.
有谁会想要看老鼠写的故事  Who'd wanna read a book made by mice?
如果是你们做的  Cinderella would read it.
辛德瑞拉就会想看 我知道她一定会喜欢的  And if you made it I know that she'd love it.
我们又不知道怎么着书啊  But we don't know how to mak e a book.
亲爱的 别担心 这点我可以帮忙  Don't worrydear. I think I can help.
神奇魔法 大变身  Salagadoola mechicka boola Bibbidi  bobbidi  boo
都放在一起 会得到什么  Put 'em together and what have you got?
大变身布  Bibbidi  bobbidi  boo
还要什么  Nowwhat do we need?
铅笔    蜡笔  A pencilindeed.    And crayons.
颜料 胶水和擦布  And glitter. And glue.
再用针和麻线把书牢牢缝好  We'll sew up the book with a thread and a hook.
大变身布  Bibbidi  bobbidi  boo
哦! 非常好 小老鼠做得好 可是还欠了点儿东西  Very nice. Well donelittle mice. But something is missingit's true.
你看纸上是空的  Look there. The pages are bare.
故事得由你们来补    谁? 我们?  We need a story from you.    Whous?
不行 我们哪知道什么好故事  Nonowe don't know any good stories.
等一等 等一等! 这个呢 第一天进宫的故事  Waitwait! How's about "First Day in Castle"?
对 这个故事很棒  Ohyeah. That is a good one.
我也很想听听这个故事  I'd love to hear all about it.
这是辛德瑞拉和王子刚结完婚  It was right after Cinderelly and the Prince married.
小老鼠全都搬到了大皇宫里面  Mice  mice moved to the big castle.
整个皇宫都是我们的了  We had it all to ourselves
我们也过着非常的悠闲  and we were having the time of our lives.
辛德瑞拉回来了  Cinderelly's back!
老天 他们回来了    他们回来了  Ohdearthey're back!    They're back!
他们回来了    他们回来了  They're back!    They're back!
我们回来了    欢迎回家  We're back!    Welcome home.
我会住在城堡里 我还是不敢相信  I still can't believe I'm going to live in a castle.
告诉我 我真的不是在作梦  Are you sure this isn't just a dream?
你现在是王子妃了  You're a princess now.
辛德瑞拉王妃  Princess Cinderella.
她根本就不知道 怎么当一个王妃  She won't even know the first thing about being a princess.
她刚刚才度蜜月回来嘛  She just got back from her honeymoon.
好好教导那个女孩是你的责任  It's going to be your duty to prepare the girl.
国王陛下 这是我的荣幸  Your MajestyI am honoured.
傻瓜 不是你 普露登丝  Not youninny. Prudence!
当然不是你  Of course not you.
国王陛下这一次 想把事情给做好  He wants the job done right the first time.
从现在开始 国宴就是辛德瑞拉的责任了  The royal banquet will be Cinderella's responsibility now.
您说的是...国宴  The royal banquet?
你要教她应该知道的一切事情  You'll teach her everything she needs to know.
但是...陛下 她根本不知道 怎么样去策划一个国宴  Butsireshe won't know anything about planning a royal banquet.
我根本就不知道 怎样策划一个国宴  I don't know anything about planning a royal banquet.
不过我可以留到十二点以后  Ohwell. At least I can stay past midnight.
我会永远待在你身边 好极了  Perfect! And I'll be right by your side.
你要我现在就出门  I have to go? Now?
我不能就这样丢下我的王妃 父王  FatherI can't just abandon my princess!
只剩下两天了 尤其现在离国宴  Not with the royal banquet only two days away.
我们有很重要的 国家大事要处理 胡说八道  Nonsense! We have important matters of state to attend to.
很重要的国家大事  lmportant matters of state!
父王...  Father...
她没有时间可以准备  She hasn't had time to prepare.
她以前又没有当过王妃  She's never been a princess before.
陛下 恕我斗胆 您也非常看重您的国宴吧  I dare sayMajesty you do like your banquets just soeh?
有点儿太过份了 这样要求王子妃  It's a great deal to ask of the poor girl.
胡说八道  Nonsense!
国王陛下 我可以做好这些准备工作 就跟以前一样  Your MajestyI can take care of the preparations as I always do.
只管教她怎么做  Just show her what to do!
我们现在有王妃了 策划国宴是她的责任  We have a princess now. It's her duty to plan the banquet.
而忍受这些是国王的责任  And the King's duty to endure it.
是的 国王陛下  YesYour Majesty.
好了 我们出发了  Now off we go!
谢谢了    对不起 一回来我就得离开你  Thank you.    I'm sorry I have to rush off.
别担心 我不会有事的  Don't worry. I'll be fine.
一定会出乎我们意料 我相信你策划的宴会  I know you're gonna surprise us with an incredible feast.
只希望到时候你们不会太意外  I just hope you're not too surprised.
辛德瑞拉  Cinderelly!
杰克! 葛斯! 玛丽! 嗨 老朋友们  Jaq! Gus! Mary! Helloold friends.
布鲁诺  Bruno!
你们快看 好大的椅子 是辛德瑞拉王妃的  Look  look. Big chair for Princess Cinderelly!
我的天啊  Ohmy.
城堡也好大  Big castletoo.
辛德瑞拉 别担心 我们老鼠来帮忙了  Don't worryCinderelly. Us mice here to help.
杰克 谢谢 我们明天还有一整天要忙呢  Whythank youJaq. We've got a big day ahead of us tomorrow.
各位 往这一边  This wayfellas.
早安 王妃殿下  Good morningYour Highness.
王妃殿下  Your Highness!
早餐做好罗 今天吃起司蛋卷怎么样啊  Ready for breakfast? How does a cheese omelette sound?
王妃不见了  The Princess is missing!
喂! 女孩 你有没有看见王妃啊  You! YougirI! Have you seen the Princess?
普露登丝 你早啊  Good morningPrudence.
我以为你... 哎哟! 看你那一身衣服  OhI thought you... But those awful clothes!
我刚刚没认出你来 王妃殿下  WellI didn't recognise you Your Highness.
容我介绍你的帖身侍女  Allow me to introduce your ladies  in  waiting.
碧翠斯跟戴芙妮    很高兴认识你们  Beatrice and Daphne.    Pleased to meet you.
刚好来吃早餐吧  You're just in time for breakfast.
吃早餐? 土司加果酱?  Breakfast? With toast and jam?
王妃殿下 王妃绝对不用自己准备早餐的  Your Highnessa princess never prepares her own meals.
我们皇宫的规矩不是这样的  That is not how things are done.
这里连早餐都有规矩  There are rules about breakfast?
我们这里有很多规矩 王妃殿下  Of course there are rules Your Highness.
但是你不知道城堡里的规矩 并不是你的错  But it's not your fault that you don't know the traditions of the castle.
正是国王希望我教你的 这些事情  That's what the King expects me to teach you.
我相信我很快就会学会  I'm sure I can learn it in no time.
来吧 没时间胡搞了  Come along. There's no time to dally.
只管听我的一切就会没事了  Just do as I say and everything will be fine.
要是国王一定会吓坏的  The King would be horrified
看到国宴的女主人 打扮的像一个洗碗的女佣  to find the hostess of the royal banquet dressed like a scullery maid!
王妃一定要穿得像一个皇族  A princess must be attired like royalty.
我一定要天天穿着这个吗  Do I have to wear this all the time?
当然不是 王妃殿下  Ohof course notYour Highness.
还要穿得更正式才行 你晚餐的时候  You'll need something much more formal for dinner.
我可不可以穿我自己的衣服  Couldn't I just wear one of my own dresses?
真是有趣 王妃殿下 这是绝不可能的  Very amusingYour Highness but it simply isn't done.
今天的天气非常好 我们把窗帘打开吧  It's such a beautiful day. Why don't we open the curtains?
不行... 这些窗帘从来没有拉开过  Nonono! These curtains are never opened.
而且也不该由王妃来拉开  And certainly not by a princess.
这是绝对不可能的事  It most definitely isn't done.
公爵和子爵坐的最靠近国王  Duk es and viscounts sit nearest the King
除非现场还有侯爵  unless there is a marquis present.
不是很好吗 大家都坐自己喜欢的位置  Wouldn't it be nice if people could sit where they like?
不行 公爵绝对不能坐在 侯爵之上 男爵之下  No. You must never seat a duke above a marquis or below a baron.
王妃殿下 哪个颜色才对  Which colour is correctYour Highness?
黄色还是米色  Cream or ecru?
米色好了  Ecru?
拜托 不行 黄色  Goodnessno. Cream.
那两个颜色没什么差别  But there isn't any difference.
老天 这么少时间 这么多要学  Ohmy. So much to learn. So little time.
在国宴里依照惯例  At the banquetas always
国宴的菜单包括 半熟的烤牛肉  the royal menu shall consist of the rarest roast beef
法式洋葱汤 新鲜马铃薯泥 法式烤面包  French onion souptarragon mashed potatoesfreshly baked baguettes
国内最棒的巧克力 至于甜点呢  the finest truffles in the kingdom andfor dessert
有挪威式炖梅子  Norwegian stewed prunes.
梅子...当甜点  Prunes? For dessert?
这是从来没有改变过的传统 国王喜欢的  The King expects it. It is a tradition that is never broken.
而且我...也喜欢  BesidesI like them.
王妃殿下会在这个地点 欢迎她的贵宾  Your Highness shall pause here to greet her noble guests.
请记得 对皇族点点头 对贵族挥挥手  Remember. Curtsy to royaltywave to nobility.
我知道 这个我会  I know I can do this right.
辛德瑞拉    辛德瑞拉...嗨  Cinderella!    Cinderella! Hi!
我的朋友! 你们好  My friends! Hello! Hello!
看到你们好开心 请等一下  How nice to see you. Wait just a minute.
把大门打开    不行 不行  Open the gate!    Nonono!
大门只能为皇族的贵宾打开  These gates are onIy opened for royal visitors.
你一定要记得这些规矩  You must remember the rules.
平民是绝对不准进入皇宫  Commoners are never allowed in the palace.
这根本不可能  It simply isn't done.
再见  Bye  bye!
王妃殿下 皇族一定要  At the very least one must learn to dance
自然优雅地跳舞  with poise and grace.
我在努力了 我...我只是需要多加练习  I'm tryingI just need more practise.
一定要十全十美 这是国王最喜欢的舞曲  It must be perfect. It is the King's favourite dance.
不对 不对 王妃殿下 你一定要跳的更慢更正式  NononoYour Highness. It must be slower and more formal.
王妃殿下 粉色或白色  Your Highnesseggshell or bone?
粉色    白色  Eggshell?    Bone.
请问谁坐在伯爵旁边  Nowwho sits next to the count?
公爵吗    是侯爵  The duke?    The marquis.
金或银    做什么的?  Gold or silver?    For what?
男爵还是子爵    谁?  Baron or viscount?    Who?
应该喝红茶还是清茶    我不知道  Pekoe or Darjeeling?    I don't know!
炖的还是烤的  Braised or broiIed?
站着还是坐着    鱼还是鸡  Fish or fowl?    Stand or sit?
注意节奏    往上往下  Mind the music!    Hair up or down?
错还是对    小心椅子 挥手还是敬礼 左或右...  Left or right?    One or two?
王妃殿下    王妃殿下  Watch the chair!    Your Highness!
这支舞曲最好是站起来跳 王妃殿下  Your Highnessthe dance is best performed on one's feet.
哼! 这下可有好戏看  This is a disaster.
可怜的辛德瑞拉 拜托不要哭  Poor Cinderelly. Please don't cry.
辛德瑞拉不快乐 小老鼠也不开心  Cinderelly not happy mice  mice not happy.
杰克 我该怎么办才好  Jaqwhat am I going to do?
我根本就当不好王妃  I'm a complete failure as a princess.
我为什么没有办法做好呢  Why can't I Iearn to do this right?
你看看我  Look at me.
辛德瑞拉看来不像辛德瑞拉了  Cinderelly not look like Cinderelly.
真的耶 反正就是有点不太对劲  It's true. Something's just not right here.
比方炖梅子  like stewed prunes?
一点也没错 还有他们为什么要让皇宫那么暗  ExactlyGus. And why do they have to keep the palace so dark?
还有那个可怕的舞  And that awful dance.
还有那些 看起来全都一样的无聊颜色  And those boring colours that all look the same.
还有炖梅子  And stewed prunes!
尤其是那些 不准平民进来皇宫的规矩  Especially those rules about keeping commoners out of the palace!
王子娶我的时候我是个女佣  WhyI was a dish maid when the Prince married me.
他爱的人是...原来的我  And he loves me because I'm me.
我一直在跟着别人的规矩 去想当别人  I've been trying to obey someone else's rules about who I should be
去学怎么样穿衣服  and how I should dress.
还有这个发型  This hair!
我知道我做得到的 只要我不要再去学着当别人了  l know I can do this. I just have to stop trying to be someone else.
杰克 她会怎么做  What'll she doJaq  Jaq?
我要照自己的方式来策划国宴 葛斯  GusI'm going to plan this banquet my way.
红尘世事多变 没有规则能永远  Who's to say the rules must stay the same forevermore?
把大门打开  Open the gates!
规定会一再出现 反覆只是一瞬间  Whoever made them had to change the rules that came before
走自己的路  So make your own way
梦想迎你往前  Show the beauty within
朝着心的方向 前方一片蓝天  When you follow your heart there's no heart you can't win
谢谢你  Whythank you!
王妃殿下 国王绝对不会赞成  Your Highness the King would not approve.
你应该要邀请公爵 伯爵 还有其他的贵族  You're supposed to be inviting dukes and counts and other aristocrats.
我会邀请他们 还会邀请我在村子里所有的朋友  I am inviting themalong with all my friends here in the village.
王妃殿下 我真心的建议您别这样  Your Highness I strongly advise against it.
这种改变 在皇宫是绝对不可能的  It's simply not the way things are done.
趁这个机会 你也应该试试新的改变  Perhaps the time has come to try something new.
展开你双臂天际不再遥远  So reach for the sky it's not high as it seems
你终于发现 实践让你实现  Just follow your heart go as far as your dreams
这个宴会是需要改变 就从甜点开始  This party needs help starting with dessert.
不要梅子  No prunes. Yuck!
杰克喜欢巧克力  Jaq  Jaq love chocolate.
巧克力布丁 这个甜点看起来好多了  Chocolate pudding! Now that sounds good.
"梅子"  Prunes
我从来没有跳过这种舞  We never get to dance like this.
尽情地探索不怕犯错  Dance if you want to don't fear you'll fall
努力过 才算无怨地 无悔地忠于自我  Take a chance'cause it's better than never to chance it at all
这是不可能的 这根本就是不可能的  It simply isn't done. It simply isn't done!
这是不可能的  It simply isn't done!
根本不可能 根本不可能 根本不可能  It simply isn't done it simply isn't doneit simply isn't done.
世界纵然瞬息万变不要惊慌  There's a world full of changing and you've just begun
勇敢往前闯 释放出能量  Don 't let them tell you it's simply not done
阳光指引你心的方向在前方  When you follow your heart you'll shine bright as the sun
王妃殿下 黄色还是肤色    你喜欢哪个颜色  Your Highnesssand or buff?    Which colour do you like?
粉红  Pink!
就是它  Perfect.
好像还是少了一样什么东西  Something's still missing.
这样才比较像样一点  Nowthat's more like it.
国王会怎么说    我知道这是一大改变  What will the King say?    I know this is a big change.
让我用我的方式试试  But I have to try this my way.
好吧 我希望你知道 你自己在做什么  WellthenI certainly hope you know what you're doing.
辛德瑞拉 他们回来了 他们回来了  They're hereCinderelly! They're here!
好吧 现在回头已经来不及了  Wellit's too late to turn back now.
这种舞才比较像话嘛  Nowthis dance is more like it.
这种舞真是太可怕了  This dance is horrifying!
国王陛下 要来了  The King has arrived.
有布丁啊  Pudding!
这里到底是怎么一回事  What in blazes is going on here?
国王陛下  Your Majesty!
是谁把窗帘拉开的    全是王妃殿下的杰作  Who opened those curtains?    This is all Princess Cinderella's doing!
好可爱的月亮  What a lovely moon.
我劝过她好几回    有平民进了皇宫  I tried to teach hersire.    Commoners in the palace?
她就是不肯听我的  She simply refused to listen.
阿昌 是你啊    这真是丑闻  OhhelloGiuseppe!    It's a scandal!
国王陛下...我可以解释  Your MajestyI can explain.
这是什么  What is this?
陛下 是您的甜点  Your dessertsire.
甜点不吃梅子了吗?  No prunes for dessert?
这点真是太可恶了  An absolute outrage!
巧克力 很好吃嘛  Chocolate. My favourite!
音乐是怎么了 大家一起跳舞吧  What happened to the music? Everybody dance!
我就说我们这里 需要点新的改变  I always said we needed some new traditions around here.
普露登丝 去玩吧 别错过这儿的乐趣  Go onnowPrudence. You're missing all the fun.
我错过了什么吗    还好啦  Did I miss something?    Surprise!
成功的国宴 棒极了  Splendid job. Splendid!
这一切都要归功给辛德瑞拉王妃 陛下  It is the Princess who deserves your praisesire.
而我非常荣幸 能为王妃殿下服务  And I am honoured to be at Her Highness's service.
将来我们一定会是好朋友的  I think we're going to be great friends.
我告诉我儿子他可真会挑  I told my son he had chosen well.
你是天生的王妃  You're a natural.
万岁! 万岁!  Hooray! Hooray!
再继续跳吧  Another dance!
我很高兴你照自己的方式做  I'm glad you do things your own way.
总有一天我会是一个好王妃  Someday I'll get this princess thing right.
我想那一天就是今天  I think that day is today.
辛德瑞拉真的改变了 皇宫里的很多事  WellCinderella certainly turned things arounddidn't she?
对 不用梳高高的头发  Yeahno more big hair.
也没有梅子  Or prunes.
"墨汁"  INK
我拿不起来  Can't get it.
我来帮点忙吧  Let me help with that.
我不太喜欢这些法术 小心啊  Watch it. I don't like that magic stuff.
还记得上次发生的事情吗    我们应该也纪录下那个故事  Remember what happened last time.    Ohnow there's a story we should tell.
对 真的很精采  Yeahthat's a good one!
不要 不要... 那个故事非常的无聊  Ohno. Nonono. Veryvery boring story.
我们可不想听那个故事  We don't want to hear that one.
杰克 那个我爱听    好 那就说吧  ButJaqit's my favourite.    Okaylet's hear it.
那个愿望是很不寻常 亲爱的 杰克  Wellit certainly was an unusual wishJaqdear.
事情的发展 可惜也没照你计划的  But things didn't turn out quite the way you had planned.
杰克 我们在花园里做什么  What are we doing in the gardenJaq  Jaq?
葛斯还没有吃早餐呢  Gus  Gus not had breakfast yet.
葛斯 我们要摘一些花朵 去送给辛德瑞拉  Gus  Guswe're going to pick flowers for Cinderelly.
为什么啊  What for?
我们都还没有机会为她做点事 因为到现在  We never get to do anything for Cinderelly now.
我们做过了  Sure we do.
做过什么    我看看哦  like what?    Welllet's see.
看吧  See?
辛德瑞拉不需要老鼠 有很多人在帮她了  Cinderelly don't need mice  mice. She got lots of people to help her.
我想要带一大束花送给她  WellI want to bring her a big bunch of flowers.
这样够了    眼光要放大 葛斯  That's enough!    You've got to think bigGus  Gus.
是庞庞...  Pom  Pom!
王妃殿下 您的花    谢谢  Your flowersHighness.    Wellthank you.
这些比昨天的花更漂亮  Ohthese are even prettier than yesterday's.
这是明天的节庆还剩下 必须准备进行的准备工作  Here's the list of remaining preparations for the festival tomorrow.
我们这里举办的宴会还真多  We sure throw a lot of parties around heredon't we?
这一次不只是宴会 殿下  This is no mere partyHighness.
这是春季的嘉年华会  This is the Spring Festival!
两位 你们早安啊 你们拿了什么来  Ohgood morningfellas. What do you have there?
给你的 可惜花太小了  For you. But they're too small.
这些花好漂亮 你们好体帖 谢谢  They're beautiful! How very sweet. Thank you.
王妃殿下 嘉年华会的委员们  Your Highnessthe festival committee
全都在会议室  is assembled in the library
等候您的指示  awaiting your instructions.
你的澡盆在浴室等着你呢  And the bath is in the pantry awaiting you.
两位 稍候见罗  I'll see you laterboys.
早安 杰克  Good morningJaq.
嗨! 玛丽 漂亮的外套  HelloMary. Pretty coat!
我为你做的  I made it for you.
想试试看吗  Want to try it on?
真好耶  Ohvery nice.
辛德瑞拉 忘了宴会清单  Cinderelly forgot party list!
把清单拿给辛德瑞拉 杰克可以帮忙  Jaq can help. Take list to Cinderelly!
我来接! 没问题  I got it! No problem.
我马上回来  I'll be right back.
王子和我会一起剪彩 然后嘉年华会就开始  The Prince and I will cut the ribbon to begin the festival.
还有其他建议吗  Any other suggestions?
我建议 我们把春季嘉年华会延到夏天  I propose we move the Spring festival to summer.
这一点我怎么没有想到呢 真天才  Genius! I wish I had thought of it myself.
春季嘉年华会了 那么我想这就不叫  It wouldn't be a Spring Festival any more.
对...说的是  Yesyesquite so.
当然不算了 王妃殿下  Of course not I dare sayYour Highness.
好香  Yummy.
我们不应该邀请小孩  Perhaps we should not invite the children.
别让他们来    不要小孩 真是好主意  Can't open.    No children. A brilliant idea.
但是嘉年华会是为小孩办的  The festival is for children.
这个提议更杰出  An even more brilliant rebuttal!
我只有同意了 但是要排好长的队伍  OhI suppose. But the lines are so long.
没问题 再多加一些木马  No problem. We'll add more rides.
救命啊! 好可怕的小老鼠 真是恶心 救命啊  Help! I can't stand mice! Ohno! Disgusting!
杰克 你还好吗  Jaqare you all right?
没有帮到辛德瑞拉 杰克只会制造麻烦  No help to Cinderelly. Just mak e a big mess.
杰克 我也很难过 这样吧  I'm sorryJaq. Tell you what.
我打算到园游会场地去 你跟我一块儿去好了  I'm about to go out to the fairgrounds. Why don't you come?
我真的需要你的帮忙    帮忙 啧啧  I could really use your help.    Help? Zug  zug!
十分钟以后在马厩跟我碰面  Meet me at the stabIes in ten minutes.
没问题  No problem.
马儿乖啊  Here we are. ThereCharger.
不知道辛德瑞拉在这里 能找得到我吗  Wow. Not sure Cinderelly can find me down here.
杰克  Jaq?
杰克    辛德瑞...  Jaq?    HeyCind...
杰克  Jaq?
王妃殿下 你的护卫在外面等你  Your Highness your escort is waiting outside.
谢谢 杰克  Thank you. Jaq?
辛德瑞拉  Cinderelly!
算了 他大概有事吧  Ohwell. I guess he couldn't come.
完了  Ohno!
辛德瑞拉 等等  Cinderellywait!
辛德瑞拉  Cinderelly!
嗨!  Hey!
嗨  Hey.
辛德瑞拉  Cinderelly?
我没有办法做任何事 我帮不上忙  I never get to do anything any more. I never get to help.
被丢在后面 甩在泥巴里 我以前帮的忙很多啊  Get left behind sitting in the dirt. Used to help a lot.
现在太小不能做这个 太小不能做那个  Now I'm too small to do this too small to do that
太小帮不了辛德瑞拉  too small to help Cinderelly.
对任何人都没有用  No good to anybody!
皇宫不像老家那样  Castle not like old house.
皇宫是给大人住的 哪里都不适合老鼠  Castle for big people. No place for mice!
什么东西都比我还大 连花都比我大  Everything's bigger than me. Even flowers bigger!
我不喜欢这么小 不喜欢当一只老鼠  Don't like being small. Don't like being a mouse.
我真希望很大  I wish I was big!
好了 亲爱的  Theretheredear.
告诉我...  Tell me all...
杰克 杰克  Jaq? Jaq?
亲爱的 你在这儿啊  Ohthere you aredear.
我听到你许的愿了 你不喜欢现在这样子吗  I heard your wishJaq. Aren't you happy the way you are?
只有大人才能帮辛德瑞拉 我希望我大一点  Only big people help Cinderelly. I want to be big!
不对 我希望变成...人类  NoI want to be human.
人类? 我的老天啊  Human? Ohgood heavens!
杰克 你一直在用你的方式 帮助辛德瑞拉的  ButJaqyou've always helped Cinderella just the way you are.
辛德瑞拉现在是王妃了 没时间理老鼠  Cinderelly's a princess now. No time for mice.
反正也没有人喜欢老鼠  Nobody likes mice anyway.
原来你是这么想的  So that's what you think.
我被大猫欺负 还有马匹 还有可怕的胖女人  I get beat up by cat and horse and bigscary lady!
人类比较大 比较大比较好  Humans are bigger. Bigger better.
如果你真的这么觉得的话呢  lf you really feel that way
那我只有实现你的愿望 才会知道罗  perhaps it would be for the best to grant your wish.
大变身布  Bibbidi  bobbidi  boo!
阳光跟着你普照大地  The sun's up shiningsilver lining
这将是多美好的一天  It's gonna be a beautiful day
真想不到我是人了 你好吗  Jaq. The human Jaq. How do you do?
听那钟声鸟儿欢唱  Church bells ringingbirds all singing
多快乐活似神仙  Everything's going my way
活似神仙 我真的是人了  Zug  zug. I really am human.
微风吹闻花香  Climb the treessmell the breeze
开怀放声笑  Laugh with all your might
白云蓝天呼唤我不怕考验  Blue skies showing everything's going right
只抱怨不会行动  You'll never stop the raining by sitting and complaining
谁也无法改变在你四周的事  It all comes down to you
展开笑颜参考意见  You'll smile againit happens when
自然有快乐时  You change your point of view
我喜欢上面这里的风景  I love the view from up here!
个子小心眼好  When you're smallone  inch tall
突然变成六英尺高  And then you're 6'2"
你成了大人物 全世界都仰赖你法宝  You've hit the big time now and the world is looking up to you
她在那里 我应该怎么说  There she is. What am I going to say?
辛德瑞拉王妃 是我 杰克  Princess Cinderellyit's meJaq!
你看我变成人了 我现在也是人了  LookI'm human now. I'm human nowtoo!
个子小心眼好  When you're smallone  inch tall
突然变成六英尺高  And then you're 6'2"
你成了大人物  You've hit the big time now
辛德瑞拉! 是我!  Cinderelly! It's me!
全世界都仰赖你法宝  The world is looking up to you
法宝  Yeahyou
亲爱的先生    可怜的人  My dear sir.    Ohyou poor man!
爵士...    我是...  Sir...    I'm...
休爵士 你好啊  Sir Hughis it?
很高兴认识你    我也...很高兴认识你  Wellthen. Pleased to know you.    I knows to please youtoo!
休爵士 你还好吗    是的 是的 我...  Are you all rightSir Hugh?    YesyesI...
姓休? 是比利时的姓吧    什么 不对 不对  Hugheh? Would that be Belgian?    What? Ehnono.
当然不对 你没有口音  Nononoof course not. No accent.
不好意思弄脏你衣服 来 我帮你擦一擦  I'm so sorry about the mess. Herelet me help you.
这就是我来这儿的原因 不用...  Nonothat's why I'm here. To help you. I'm...
委员会派你来的 我是来帮你的  The committee sent you!
你是来帮忙嘉年华会的  You're here to help with the Spring Festival?
你是荷兰人    不对 我是说...我是...  You're Dutch!    No. I mean yes. But I'm...
迟到了! 王妃殿下 我们迟到了 我们该回皇宫去了  Late! Your Highnessit is late. We're expected back at the palace.
一起骑马回去吧    骑马 骑在马背上  Shall we ride back together?    Ride? On horses?
乖乖马    休爵士  Nice horsie!    Sir Hugh?
你以前骑过马吗  Have you ridden before?
休爵士 休爵士? 你在这里  Sir Hugh? Sir Hugh? There you are.
哇! 一大束桃花耶  Peach blossoms.
你真好 这些花好美 谢谢  Aren't you sweet? They're beautiful. Thank you.
王妃殿下 你来了  Highnessthere you are.
裁缝现在惊慌失措 厨师那儿有个麻烦  The tailor is in a dither. The cook is having a crisis.
动物训练师被吓破了胆子 他们全都要找你  The animal trainer is flummoxed! And they're all asking for you.
请帮这些花找个花瓶好吗 我马上就回来  Could you please find a vase for these? I'll be right back.
你帮了好多忙 休爵士 谢谢你  Thank youSir Hugh. You're a big help.
帮辛德瑞拉处理这些花 好极了  Perfect. Helping Cinderelly with flowers.
庞庞  Pom  Pom!
我不应该怕一只猫的  I shouldn't be afraid of cat!
我现在是人了 比猫还大  I am human now. Bigger than cat.
但是我还是怕猫  But I am still afraid of cat!
真好 你找到花瓶了  Ohgood. You found a vase.
刚刚好耶 我要跟王妃说  Happy to help. What I want to...
女伯爵来了 在大厅等您  The Countess Legrande is awaiting you in the dining hall.
你能先帮我招呼她吗 休爵士  Think you could keep her company till I get there?
老鼠  A mouse!
我在干嘛? 我现在是人了  What am I doing? I'm a man now.
又大又肥的老鼠    不 是葛斯  A bigfat mouse!    Ohno. Gus  Gus!
滚开  Get away!
我的英雄 你救了我  My hero. Ohyou saved me.
太好了 我们找到带头 跳第一支舞的人了  WellI think we just found the couple to lead the first dance.
我们最好赶快开始准备 休爵士 我会派个车夫给你  We better go get ready. I'll send a valet for youSir Hugh.
嘉年华会见罗  See you at the festival.
玛丽 杰克在哪里啊  HeyMarywhere's Jaq  Jaq?
葛斯 我不知道啊 我也在为他担心  I don't knowGus. I'm worried about him.
我在这里  Here I am.
等一等  Wait!
是我耶  It's me.
杰克 亲爱的 一切都还好吗  Jaqis everything all rightdear?
对 很好 没问题  Yes. Great. No problem.
你把你的朋友们吓了一大跳呢  WellI think you gave your friends a bit of a fright.
他们居然不理我 玛丽也跑了  They ran away from me. Even Mary.
你不会还想当一只老鼠吧  Now surely you don't miss being a mouse.
不会我想不会吧  NoI guess not.
你当人不快乐吗  Aren't you happy being human?
快乐 可是没有我想得这么容易  Yeah. Sure not as easy as I thought.
我会撑下去的  But I know I'll get it.
辛德瑞拉王妃殿下正在找您  Cinderella is asking for you.
嘉年华会就要开始了  The evening's festivities are upon us.
啧啧    杰克  Zug  zug!    Jaq?
啧啧 爵士 我对这个名词并不很熟悉  Zug  zugeh? I don't believe I'm familiar with that expression.
那当然 那是法文  It means... It's French.
法文是吗 这就难怪了  Frenchis it? Wellthat explains everything.
各位先生 女士 春季嘉年华会正式开始  Ladies and gentlemen let the Spring Festival begin.
欢迎参观嘉年华会    好好玩  I'll race you to the Ferris wheel!    Look there.
有大象 走啊 我最喜欢大象了  An elephant! Come on! I just love elephants!
国王陛下 我...    走  Your Majesty...    Let's go!
各位仔细看 你们会不会啊  Around the world!
我厉不厉害 你看看  Up and down. Up and down. Around like a Ferris wheel.
玛丽 你确定杰克在这里吗  Are you sure Jaq  Jaq's hereMary?
葛斯 他一定在 我们去找他  He must beGus. Let's find him.
休爵士 玩得还愉快吗  Sir Hughare you enjoying yourself?
我...有件事我...  Wellthere's something...
你不是要说我的悄悄话吧 爵士  You're not whispering about meare you?
我答应要请你们两位来开舞的  I believe I promised you two the first dance.
你跳得多可爱 天啊  What a lovely dancer. Ohmy!
休爵士!  Sir Hugh!
这是你的小猫咪吗  Is that your kitty?
真的很可爱  Isn't she precious?
准备跳下一支舞了吗  Ready for the next dance?
乖乖猫  Nice kitty.
我讨厌大象  I hate elephants!
停下来  Stop!
这全是我的错 我真希望神仙教母在这里  This is all my fault! Wish Fairy Godmother was here.
杰克 这是你可以帮忙的机会了  Jaqthis is your chance to help.
我能做什么  What can I do?
哦! 一只大象 你想什么可以阻止大象啊  An elephant. What do you think could stop him?
我命令你停下来    我不知道  Stop in the name of the King!    Don't know.
比方说一只老鼠  Perhaps a mouse?
所有的大象好像都怕老鼠  Aren't all elephants afraid of mice?
你是个人 还是老鼠  Are you a man or a mouse?
我是一只老鼠  I'm a mouse!
坐下 坐下  Sit downsit down.
老天啊  Ohdearnow!
别动 别动  Hold itHold it.
这咒语怎么念的  How does it go again?
停下来  Stop.
停下来  Stop.
对了  Ohyes!
大变身布  Bibbidi  bobbidi  boo!
救命啊  Help!
我可以看到我的城堡  I can see my castle!
只有老鼠才办得到的 我猜有些事  I guess there are some things only a mouse can do.
我是只老鼠  I'm a mouse!
对 我是只老鼠  Yes! I'm a mouse!
我好高兴我是只老鼠 我是只老鼠  I'm a mouse! I'm so glad I'm a mouse!
杰克回来了  I'm a mouse! Jaq is back! I'm a mouse! A mouse!
我是只小老鼠 我是只老鼠 我是只老鼠  M  O  U  S  E. I'm a mousie mousie!
是休爵士的小猫咪  Sir Hugh's kitty!
来吧 甜心 我们去找你的主人  Comesweetums. Let's go find your master.
你真是最可爱最宝贝的小东西  Aren't you just the sweetest littlemost precious baby?
杰克 你刚刚好勇敢  Jaqthat was so brave!
玛丽 我真的好想你  MaryI really missed you.
你真是英雄  You're a hero!
杰克 你救了大家 每次需要你的时候  Jaqyou saved the day! I can always count on you.
你就在我身边 真好    是吗?  You're right there when I need you.    I am?
是啊 真的  Yesyou are.
我好高兴你回来了  I'm so glad you're back!
我也是  Metoo!
谢天谢地结束了    是啊  Thank goodness that's over.    Yeah.
杰克再也不需要魔法  No more magic for Jaq  Jaq!
一点点也不要吗?    哇  Not even a little?    Whoa!
魔法可以让书快点完成  Heymagic make this go a lot faster!
去工作了  Let's go to work.
我的老天啊    完了  Good gracious!    Ohno!
我正在缝呢    我被泼了一身  I'm trying to sew.    I'm splattered!
真是可怕    现在怎么办  How awful!    It's tragic!
我觉得有点头晕    小心我的尾巴  I feel a bit pale.    Watch out! That's my tail!
不好 我们用的魔法太多了  I think we've had quite enough magic.
真是一团糟    就是嘛 乱七八糟  What a mess!    It's a messall right.
非常乱七八糟  A bigstinky mess.
我们碰过更糟的    对啊  We've seen worse!    Yeah.
记得安娜西娅恋爱的时候吗  Remember when Anastasia fell in love?
我记得  I sure do.
辛德瑞拉的姐姐 那个安娜西娅  Cinderella's stepsister? That Anastasia?
对    那个故事真是一团糟  Yeah!    Now that's a messy story.
不对 那是一个爱情故事  No. It's a love story.
路西法  Lucifer!
别再占着镜子不放  Stop hogging the mirror!
那是我的    不对 是我的  That's mine!    No! It's mine!
不对 是我的    不对 那是我的  No! Mine!    Hey! That's mine!
你说的对  Ohyou're right.
还给你好了    你是故意这样的  It is yours.    You did that on purpose!
才不是呢    是  Did not!    Did too!
才不是    绝对是  Did not!    Did too.
女儿们 不准你们这样吵架  Girlsstop all this bick ering at once!
辛德瑞拉的舞会明天晚上举行 所以注意听好  Cinderella's ball is tomorrow night so pay attention!
国内所有的单身贵族都会到场  Every noble bachelor in the kingdom will be there.
如果你们想找到丈夫 你们就必须好好的利用这个好机会  lf you want to find a husbandyou have to mak e the most of this opportunity.
你们不准再让我失望 懂吗  I won't let you fail meagain.
是的 妈妈    是的 妈妈  YesMother.    YesMother.
崔西丽娅 脸上再扑点粉  Drizellapin back those curls.
安娜西娅 腮红再加深一点  Anastasiaput more colour in your cheeks!
完美的外表 是吸引合格绅士唯一的办法  A perfect appearance is the only way to attract a proper gentleman.
我一定要替你们找到有钱 有势的贵族  We shall find you men of wealth and nobility.
或者是公爵    也许是个伯爵  Maybe a count.    Or a duke.
一点也没错 过来吧  Precisely.
我们一起去添几件新衣服  Come along now. We need new gowns for the both of you.
还有珠宝    还有新鞋子  With new shoes.    And jewellery.
越时髦越好 路西法 来  The fancier the better. Lucifercome.
路西法  Lucifer!
早安 辛德瑞拉 为什么打扮成这样  MorningCinderelly! Why you dressed like that?
我想装成平民去市场逛逛 让大家认不出我  I'm going to the market in disguise so no one will recognise me.
顺便还要买个花环 给王子一个惊喜  I want to surprise the Prince with a garland of flowers.
好耶...    一起来吧  Want to come along?    Ohyeah. Let's go!
葛斯也要去  Gus  Gus come along.
记得这个传统  Remember the tradition.
在舞会上送花环给对方 你们就会长相厮守  Give these to each other at the ball and you'll always be together.
你要不要买个玫瑰花环 去参加舞会啊  Don't you need a garland of roses for the ball?
保证你可以赢得他的心  Guaranteed to win you his heart.
安娜西娅 你在做什么  Anastasiawhat are you doing?
没什么 我来了  Nothing. Coming.
你烤的这些面包闻起来好香哦  Everything smells so good.
小心 还很烫 你想吃一个吗  Would you like one? Be carefuI. They're hot.
安娜西娅 我们可以走了  AnastasiaI think not.
这店里所有的东西都很廉价  Everything in this shop is inferior.
去盖房子了 你可以用这些硬面包  You can build a house out of these bricks.
安娜西娅 快来  Come alongAnastasia.
一个卖面包的师傅 你跟他说什么  You're not to say a word to that shopk eeper.
我绝对不答应    是的 妈妈  I forbid it!    YesMother.
看他的表情  He's got that look
我看过那种神情  and I know that look.
晕船了  Seasick?
这不好笑 我想他们恋爱了  Ohvery funny. I think they're in love.
安娜西娅恋爱 怎么可能 辛德瑞拉  Anastasia's in love? That's crazyCinderelly!
拜托 你们两个 任何人都会恋爱  Come onyou two. Anyone can fall in love.
安娜西娅例外  Anyone but Anastasia.
也许她需要小小的帮忙    对 很大的帮忙  Maybe she just needs some help.    Yeahlots of help.
当初你们也帮了我很多的忙 记得吗  WellI had lots of helptooremember?
我们必须想办法 让他们再碰一次面  We have to figure out how to get them together again.
对了 把他们引到广场 我们就这么做  I know! We'll lure them into the square and here's how we'll do it.
小鸟去抢她的帽子  The birds will get her hat.
你们去引面包师注意 带安娜西娅回来  Get the baker's attention. Bring Anastasia here.
他们会在店门口碰面 把面包师引出来  Get the baker outside. They'll meet in front of the shop.
对啊 葛斯 绝对神不知鬼不觉  That's rightGus. They'll never know what hit them.
嗨    好的 伙计们...  Hey.    Okayfellas...
引起他的注意 好了 各位 记得要做得俐落一点  Get his attentionand remember keep it simple.
老鼠在我的面包里  Mice in my baguettes!
路西法  Lucifey!
回来啊 讨厌的东西  Come back here! Filthy creatures!
你还好吗  Are you okay?
真糗  Ohno!
安娜西娅  Anastasia?
你来这里做什么 还穿成那样  What are you doing here dressed like that?
你看起来像个洗衣女工  You look like a laundry maid.
脸上有蛋的人可不是我  I'm not the one with egg on my face.
我看到你在面包店的事了  I saw you in the baker's shop.
他一定认为我...  He must think I'm...
他会认为这是一个意外 还有别这么快就放弃  He saw it was an accident. Don't give up so fast.
你知道些什么 你长得那么漂亮  What would you know? You're beautiful.
对你一切向来都很轻松  It's always been easy for you.
轻松? 我记得的可不是这样  Easy? That's not how I remember it.
安娜西娅 你只是需要帮忙罢了  LookAnastasiayou just need a little helpthat's all.
要是我没有那么笨手笨脚  lf I weren't so clumsy and plain...
别急 你跟我一起回皇宫  Listenwhy don't you come back to the castle?
先把你洗干净 然后让你们两个再见一次面  We'll clean you up and then we'll get you two together.
但是妈妈禁止这样 她认为他配不上我  But Mother forbids it! She thinks he's beneath me.
可是我认为她错了 那个面包师很棒  And I think she's wrong. The baker's terrific.
而且他还会做菜  And he cookstoo.
路西法喜欢庞庞对吧  Lucifey like Pom  Pomyes?
老鼠可以帮忙 不过 路西法要保证不再追老鼠  Mice can help if Lucifey promise to stop chasing mice!
成交吗  Deal?
好了 跟新的一样好    还不要停啊  There. Good as new.    Don't stop now!
妈妈说过外表比一切都重要  Mother says that looks count for everything.
你当然要表现最好的一面  Wellof course you want to look your best
但是这一点并不是最重要的  but that's not the most important thing.
对 我需要的是全新的面貌  Yeahyeahyeah. What I need is a whole new look.
让我迷人 让我变辣  Make me look good make me look swell
让我好看  Make me look fine
我使出全力  We're pourin' it onyou just sit back
你放轻松等看我打扮  'Causebabyyou're mine
改变我焕然一新  You send me into a spin
挥挥手出现眼前  Make a splash when you waIk in
可爱红唇秀发迷人  Those eyes so rarethe Iipsthe hair
国色天香佳人  You're a breath of fresh air
理理胡须 刷刷毛发  Brushing the furcomb the hair out
修修指甲  Trim up the toes
换上洋装和新鞋  Give me the dress and the shoes
戴钻戒和发夹  And the jewellery and clothes
人不可貌相 海水不可斗量  You can judge your books from how the cover looks
看我锐不可档  Wear makeup by the ounce
但千万记住内在美能发光  But didn't they tell you it's what's inside that counts?
让我潇洒 让我漂亮  Make me a starmake me look great
让我高贵  Make me look grand
我优雅又出色 虽然我浓妆艳抹  I've got style and grace but it's a painted  up face
我会成功  Gets you a man
修剪结束之后  Snipcutwhen we are through
让他人惊艳直发抖  You're gonna look so goodit's true
毛发 花夹 下巴 脚爪  The furthe bowsthe chinthe nose
呜啦啦  Oooh lala!
藏不住内在美会发光  Looks won't hide it's what's inside that counts
你想当个新娘 内在美会发光  You wanna be a bride it's what's inside that counts
戴一条项链怎么样  What about a necklace?
路西法    大笨猫  Lucifer!    Stupid cat.
用蜂蜜会比醋吸引更多的苍蝇 请记住  Rememberyou'll catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.
这是什么意思 谁会想吸引苍蝇  What does that mean? Who'd want to catch flies?
想赢得面包师的好感 我是说最棒的方式就是对他好  I mean the best way to impress the bak er is just to be nice to him.
那我要怎么做    你可以从微笑开始  How do I do that?    You could start with a smile.
还是给我大一点的项链  Better get me a bigger necklace.
笑一个  Come on.
婴儿都会被我吓哭的    来  I mak e babies crytoo.    Here.
他绝对没有办法抗拒的  He'll never be able to resist.
是这样吗  You think so?
万一被妈妈抓到了那我怎么办  But what if Mother catches me?
她警告我不准跟面包师说话的  She told me never to speak to the baker again!
你该学着 不要事事都听别人的  It's time to stop following someone else's orders
应该多听听自己的意思  and start following your heart.
现在很晚了 我要走了  It's late! I have to go!
那面包师怎么办  But what about the baker?
我可以陪你去他的店里  I could walk you to his shop.
明天中午到市场见罗  Meet you in the mark et at noon tomorrow?
我已经快等不及了  I can hardly wait!
妈妈 我要到城里一趟 我们没有面包了  MotherI have to run to town. We're out of bread.
嗨!  Hey!
对不起 马车借我 谢谢  Excuse me. Can I borrow this? Thanks!
小姐 等一等  Mademoiselle. Senorita. Just a moment.
我在水果店旁边等你  I'll wait for you by the apple cart.
你想她会喜欢吗?    好漂亮! 她一定会很喜欢的  Do you think she'll like them?    They're beautiful! She'll love them!
怎么? 怎么了?  What? What happened?
安娜西娅!  Anastasia!
快逃命啊  Run for it!
交易取消了  The deal is off!
不要看我! 我的样子一定很糟!  Don't look at me! I look horrible!
别走 等一下  Wait! Please!
安娜西娅  Anastasia!
你居然敢不听我的话  How dare you defy me?
我禁止你跟那个人说话的  You were forbidden to speak to this man!
你看她! 实在是土到家了!  Look at her! It's a disaster!
我们一定会变成 所有人的笑柄的  We'll be the laughingstock of the entire town.
你的这些愚蠢行为 已经害你丢脸丢到家了  You've embarrassed yourself quite enough with this foolishness.
亲爱的 你应该知道 我全心全意都是为了你们好  Dear childyou know I only have your best interests at heart.
他哪配的上你 跟我走  You deserve better. Come along.
我不走 妈 你错了  NoMother! You're wrong!
他很体帖    她很完美  He's sweet.    She's wonderful.
他很浪漫 而且我们要一起去参加皇宫舞会  He's romantic. And we are going to the ball together.
崔西丽娅 我们走  Drizellacome along.
崔西丽娅  Drizella!
谢谢 我从来没想到我会这么开心  Thank you! I never dreamed I could be this happy.
看吧 美梦会成真的  You see? Dreams do come true.
看起来不错  Looks good!
还需要加点东西  Needs something.
葛斯 你的蝴蝶结呢  Gus  Guswhere's your bow?
在这儿  Right here.
嗒  哒!    完美  Ta  da!    Perfect.
全都完工了    准备好给辛德瑞拉看了吗  All finished!    Are you ready to show Cinderella?
你们看  Look! There she is.
大家出发 她在那边  Let's go!
神奇魔法  Salagadoola mechicka boola
大变身  Bibbidi  bobbidi  boo
都放在一起会得到什么  Put 'em together and what have you got?
大变身布  Bibbidi  bobbidi  boo
神奇魔法 大变身布  Salagadoola mechicka boola Bibbidi  bobbidi  boo
它会变魔术 你能相信吗 大变身布  It'll do magicbelieve it or not Bibbidi  bobbidi  boo
莎拉卡都拉 梅气卡布拉  Now salagadoola  mee and mechicka boola  roo
一根神奇魔棒 轻轻一挥念 大变身布  But the thingamabob that does the job is Bibbidi  bobbidi  boo
辛德瑞拉    辛德瑞拉  Cinderelly!    Cinderelly!
看我们做了什么  Look what we made!
小心啊  Look out!
这是什么啊?    这是一本书 我们做的!  What's this?    It's a book. We made it!
你喜欢吗?    我很喜欢! 里面说什么?  Do ya like it?    I love it! What's it about?
是大家的故事    真是太好了  It's about all of us.    How wonderful!
你们一定希望 我们可以一起念故事听对吧  I don't suppose you'd want to read this togetherwould you?
好耶    哦 小子  All right!    Ohboy!
哦 小子! 哦 小子!  Ohboy! Ohboy!
你看  Ohlook!
我们全在里面耶 这些是我们的故事  We're all in here. And these are our stories.
很久很久以前 有一座大城堡  "Once upon a time there was a big castle
在这城堡里住了 一个王子和王妃  "and in this castle lived a Prince and a Princess..."
这是魔法  It's magic.
神奇魔法  Salagadoola Menchichka boola
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
神奇魔法  Salagadoola Menchichka boola
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
镜子 镜子 在墙上 你能照出我模样  Mirrormirroron the wall Can you picture me at all
我可以将我所想要  I can be whatever I want to be
我可以让我改变的故事  I can make my story change
就像在图片框架  Just like in a picture frame
魔法咒语和童话故事 硬币在许愿井  Magic spells and fairy tales Pennies in a wishing well
来收拾残局  To pick up the pieces
你只要看看里面  You just look inside
当你把它放在一起就是魔法  And when you put it together it's magic
放在一起就能飞  Put it together You go ala  kaala  ka  zoo
当你把它放在一起就是魔法  And when you put it together it's magic
把它放在一起 一切就能如愿  Put it together 'cause all you need is inside of you
放在一起  So put it together
就是大变身  And go Bibbidi bobbidi boo
神奇魔法  Salagadoola Menchichka boola
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
每个人都有一个梦 有时好像它从来没有过  Everybody has a dream Sometimes it's like it never seems
你的愿望会变成现实  That your wish will change to reality
当你觉得已经足够了 你不想放弃  When you feel you've had enough don't you think of giving up
没有你不能攀登的山  There's no mountain you can't climb
一步一个脚印  One step at a time
心想事成  All that you needed
地久天长  Was there all the time
当你把它放在一起就是魔法  And when you put it together it's magic
放在一起就能飞  Put it together and go ala  kaala  ka  zoo
当你把它放在一起就是魔法  And when you put it together it's magic
放在一起就能如你所愿  Put it together 'cause all you need is inside of you
放在一起  So put it together
就是大变身  And go Bibbidi bobbidi boo
神奇魔法  Salagadoola Menchichka boola
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
神奇魔法  Salagadoola Menchichka boola
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
心想事成  All that you needed
地久天长  Was there all the time
当你把它放在一起就是魔法  And when you put it together it's magic
这是魔术    放在一起就能飞  It's magic    Put it together and go ala  kaala  ka  zoo
当你把它放在一起就是魔法  And when you put it together it's magic
这是魔术    放在一起就能如你所愿  It's magic    Put it together 'cause all you need is inside of you
当你把它放在一起就是魔法  And when you put it together it's magic
放在一起就能飞  Put it together and go ala  kaala  ka  zoo
当你把它放在一起就是魔法  And when you put it together it's magic
把它放在一起就能如你所愿  Put it together 'cause all you need is inside of you
放在一起  So put it together
就是大变身布  And go Bibbidi bobbidi boo
神奇魔法  Salagadoola Menchichka boola
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
神奇魔法  Salagadoola Menchichka boola
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
神奇魔法  Salagadoola Menchichka boola
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
神奇魔法  Salagadoola Menchichka boola
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
神奇魔法  Salagadoola Menchichka boola
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
神奇魔法  Salagadoola Menchichka boola
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi
大变身  Bibbidi bobbidi

