蜘蛛侠：平行宇宙
好了  我们再最后说一次  All right, let's do this one last time.
我名叫彼得·帕克  My name is Peter Parker.
我被一只放射性蜘蛛咬了  I was bitten by a radioactive spider.
10年来  And for 10 years...
我是  I've been the one
唯一的  and only
蜘蛛侠  Spider  Man.
其他的你应该都知道了  I'm pretty sure you know the rest.
能力越大  责任越大  With great power comes great responsibility.
我救了好多人  坠入爱河  拯救了城市  I saved a bunch of people, fell in love, saved the city.
然后又拯救了城市一次  And then I saved the city again.
又一次  又㕛一次  And again and again
又㕛叒一次  and again.
我还...  And I did, uh...
做了这个  I did this.
Get on up get yourself together
Drive that funky soul
这件糗事就别提了  We don't really talk about this.
我是漫画书  是麦片  Look, I'm a comic book. I'm a cereal.
还出了圣诞专辑  Did a Christmas album.
我有很棒的主题曲  I have an excellent theme song.
蜘蛛侠  Spider  man Spider  man
还有一般般的冰棍  And a so  so popsicle.
我还有比这更惨的时候呢  I mean, I've looked worse.
但经过了一切  But after everything...
我还是爱做蜘蛛侠  I still love being Spider  Man.
谁不会呢  I mean, who wouldn't?
不管我承受多少打击  So no matter how many hits I take...
我总会想办法回归  ...I always find a way to come back.
因为唯一阻止这座城市毁灭的  Because the only thing standing between this city and oblivion
就是我  is me.
只有一个蜘蛛侠  There's only one Spider  Man.
你眼前这位就是  And you're lookin' at him.
不用说...  Needless to say...
但不管怎样  就此打住吧...  Nevertheless callin' it quits
宝贝  现在我好崩溃    迈尔斯  Now, baby, I'm a wreck    Miles!
迈尔斯  孩子他爸  该上学了  Miles, papá, time for school!
迈尔斯  Miles!
迈尔斯  Miles!
迈尔斯    嗯  嗯  Miles!    Yeah! Yeah?
上学的东西收拾好了吗  Are you finished packing for school?
嗯  Yeah.
你好  我名叫  迈尔斯
在熨我最后一件衬衫呢  Just ironing my last shirt.
You're a sunflower...
快点  你都是个大人了  Come on! You a grown man now.
让老师也看到这一点    迈尔斯  Let's show these teachers that.    Miles!
我的笔记本呢  Where's my laptop?
如果你要我开车送你  我们就得马上走  If you want me to drive you, we gotta go now.
不  爸爸  我走好了  No, Dad, I'll walk.
专车司机  过时不候    没事的  Personal chauffeur going once.    It's okay.
迈尔斯  快走了    等一下  Miles! Gotta go.    In a minute!
走啦    等一下  Gotta go.    In a minute!
妈妈  我得走了  Mom, I gotta go.
等一下  In a minute.
周五见    好啦  妈妈  See you Friday.    Okay, mommy.
看是谁回来了  你好吗  兄弟  Look who's back. Yo, what's going on, bro?
我就是路过  你好吗  I'm just walking by. How you doin'?
迈尔斯  昨晚的地震你感觉到了吗  Yo, Miles! You feel that earthquake last night?
你说什么呢  我昨晚睡得可香了  What you talkin' about? I slept like a baby last night.
新学校怎么样    可轻松了  How's that new school?    So easy.
我们想你了  迈尔斯  We miss you, Miles.
你想我了  我还住这儿呢  You miss me? I still live here!
等等  你想我了吗  Wait, you miss me?
哎呀  Contra!
拜托  Come on.
说真的  爸爸  我自己走就行  Seriously, Dad. Walking would've been fine.
你周六撕掉贴纸后  You can walk plenty on Saturday
再慢慢走吧  when you peel those stickers off.
你看到了  那未必是我哦  爸爸  You saw that? I don't know if that was me, Dad.
还有昨天克林顿街的那俩  And the two from yesterday on Clinton.
嗯  那是我  Yeah, those were me.
看啊  又添了家新咖啡店  Look at that. Another new coffee shop.
看到了吗  迈尔斯    当然  You see that, Miles?    Totally. Yeah.
看到吗  那家叫啥    泡沫派对  You see that, what's that one called?    Foam Party.
"泡沫派对"  拜托  "Foam Party"? Come on.
而且大家还都去排队  你看到了吗  迈尔斯  And everyone is just linin' up. You see that, Miles?
看到了    那是咖啡店还是迪斯科舞厅啊  I see it.    Is that a coffee shop or a disco?
爸爸  你真是老了  Dad, you're old, man.
昨晚又有多起  There are multiple reports
神秘地震事件的报告  of another mysterious seismic event last night.
蜘蛛侠身边的消息源称他已在进行调查  Sources close to Spider  Man say he's looking into the problem.
蜘蛛侠  这家伙每天荡进你的视线一次  Spider  Man. I mean, this guy swings in once a day,
戴着面具满天飞  还不听命于任何人  zip  zap  zop in his little mask and answers to no one. Right?
是啊  爸爸  Yeah, Dad. Yeah.
而我的警官在街上    嗯  Meanwhile, my guys are out there,    Yeah.
赌上性命  也不戴面具  lives on the line, no masks.
我们可是露脸的    糟糕  You know, we show our faces.    Oh, no.
爸爸  快走  我认识这几个孩子  Dad, speed up. I know these kids.
能力越大  义务越大  You know, with great ability comes great accountability.
这话不是那么说的  That's not even how the saying goes.
但我喜欢他的麦片  这我承认  I do like his cereal, though. I'll give him that.
天呐  警察不闯红灯吗  Oh, my gosh. Don't cops run red lights?
有些会的  但你老爸不会  Oh, yeah, some do. But not your dad.
My memories keep begging
For someone else
I know this feeling, yes I know it very well
我为什么不能回布鲁克林中学  Why can't I go back to Brooklyn Middle?
迈尔斯  你才在这里上两周  Miles, you've given it two weeks.
我们不说这个了  We're not having this conversation.
我就是觉得这所新学校太精英主义  I just think that this new school is elitist.
"精英主义"    我更想去  "Elitist"?    And I would prefer to be
属于人民的正常学校  at a normal school among the people.
"人民"  他们就是你的人  "The people"? These are your people.
我能上这里只是因为我中了破彩票  I'm only here 'cause I won that stupid lottery.
别傻了  你像其他人一样通过了入学考  好吗  No way. You passed the entry test just like everybody else. Okay?
你可是有大好机会  你想放弃吗  Listen, you have an opportunity here. You wanna blow that?
你想落得像你叔叔似的吗  You wanna end up like your uncle?
亚伦叔叔有什么不好  他是个好人  What's wrong with Uncle Aaron? He's a good guy.
我们都要在人生里做出选择  We all make choices in life.
现在我可不觉得自己有选择  It doesn't feel like I have a choice right now.
你是没有  You don't!
我爱你  迈尔斯  I love you, Miles.
嗯  我知道  爸爸  周五见  Yeah, I know, Dad. See you Friday.
你也得跟我说"我爱你"  You gotta say "I love you" back.
爸爸  你不是吧  Dad, are you serious?
我想听  I wanna hear it.
"我爱你  爸爸"    你非要我说吗  "I love you, Dad."    You wanna hear me say it?
你是送我来上学的    "我爱你  爸爸"  You're dropping me off at a school.    "I love you, Dad."
看看这里  Look at this place.
"爸爸  我爱你"  "Dad, I love you."
爸爸  我爱你  Dad, I love you.
收到  That's a copy.
系好鞋带  Tie your shoes, please.
"我爱你  爸爸"  "I love you, Dad."
早上好  你好吗  Hey, good morning. How you doin'?
周末真短  是吧    "收到"  Weekend was short, huh?    "That's a copy."
天呐  真是太不巧了  Oh, my gosh! This is embarrassing.
我们穿了一样的外套  We wore the same jacket.
什么事    你的鞋带没系好  Yeah.    Your shoe's untied.
我知道  我是故意的  Yeah, I'm aware. It's a choice.
根据理论  一切物质都是由  Theory is that all matter is composed
三种基本粒子组成  of at least three fundamental particles
谁能解出XY  Who can solve this for XY?
这就是所谓的三段论  And that is known as a syllogism.
读两章的《远大前程》  Read two chapters of Great Expectations.
回家做小测试  内容是体积压力  A take  home quiz on volumetric pressure.
五页论文  你的结论一定要突出[焦虑]  Five  page essay with your conclusions stressed.
...无限的其他可能  ...countless other possibilities.
可能在一个宇宙中  我穿着红色衣服  There could be a universe where I am wearing red.
或是穿着皮裤  Or wearing leather pants.
莫拉莱斯先生  摸黑走路  你又迟到了  Mr. Morales. Movin' in the dark. You're late again.
爱因斯坦说时间是相对的  是吧  Einstein said time was relative, right?
或许我没迟到  是你们早到了  Maybe I'm not late. Maybe you guys are early.
抱歉  实在静得可怕  Sorry. It was just so quiet.
你要继续站在那里  Would you like to keep standing there, or
还是想坐下  do you wanna sit down?
我们的宇宙是多个平行宇宙中的一个  Our universe is, in fact, one of many parallel universes
他们都在同时发生  happening at the exact same time.
因为菲斯克家族基金会的同僚们...  Thanks to everyone here at the Fisk Family Foundation...
我喜欢你的笑话    真的吗  I liked your joke.    Really?
但并不好笑  所以我才笑了  I mean, it wasn't funny. That's why I laughed.
但挺机灵的  我喜欢  But it was smart, so I liked it.
我好像没见过你  I don't think I've seen you before.
我们的每个选择  Every choice that we make
能创造无数其他可能  would create countless other possibilities.
无限的"假如"  A what  if to infinity.
零分  再来几个这种成绩  A zero? A few more of those,
你大概就得把我赶走了  you'd probably have to kick me outta here, huh?
作业
或许我就是不适合这所学校  Maybe I'm just not right for this school.
如果一个人戴着眼罩  If a person wearing a blindfold
随机选择是非题的答案  picked the answers on a true  or  false quiz at random,
知道那人会得多少分吗  do you know what score they would get?
50分    对了  50%?    That's right!
等等    唯一答错所有题的办法  Wait.    The only way to get all the answers wrong
就是知道正确答案  is to know which answers are right.
你是想放弃  You're trying to quit.
我不会让你这么做的  And I'm not gonna let you.
我要给你安排一份个人论文  I'm assigning you a personal essay.
不是关于物理的  是关于你的  Not about physics, but about you,
以及你想成为什么样的人  and what kind of person you want to be.
Come on
Ha, sicker than your average
Poppa twist cabbage off instinct
Don't think
My Detroit players, timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn
Dead right, if the head right, biggie there e'rynight
Never lose, never choose to bruise crews who
Do something to us...     Come on
亚伦叔叔  你吓到了吗  Uncle Aaron! Were you scared?
你想来尝尝吗  You want that?
学校怎么样了  What's up with school?
很好  交到了好多朋友  Going great! Got tons of friends.
那里也不会那么糟糕吧  You can't tell me it's all that bad there.
那里肯定有聪明姑娘  Smart girls is where it's at.
肯定有不少呢  Place must be full of 'em.
不  才没有呢  No, there's no one.
没有的    我可能不能允许我的侄子  There's no one.    Yo, I can't have no nephew of mine
没两把刷子  on the streets with no game.
我有刷子的  有个新来的姑娘  I got game. There's a new girl.
她还挺喜欢我的  Actually, you know, she's kinda into me.
你懂的  You know how it is.
她叫什么  What's her name?
我们正在打基础呢  You know, this is... we layin' down the groundwork right now.
知道什么叫肩咚吗  You know about the shoulder touch?
当然了  'Course I do.
但还是说说吧  But tell me anyway.
明天  找到那姑娘  Tomorrow, find that girl.
走到她面前  然后这样  You walk up to her and be like...
你开玩笑呢  亚伦叔叔  You serious, Uncle Aaron?
相信我  这是科学  I'm tellin' you, man, it's science.
就走到她面前  然后说  So walk up to her and be like...
不不  是...  No, no, no, no. Like...
不对啦  No.
你真是我侄子吗  You sure you my nephew, man?
是她吗  Is that her?
我该走了  今晚还有份论文要写  I should probably go. Still got a paper to do tonight.
你有作品不给我看啊  找地方画了吗  Yo, you been holdin' out on me? You throw these up yet?
没有  你知道我爸的  我不能那么做  Naw, man. You know my dad. I can't.
走  我知道个好地方  好到难以置信  Come on. I got a spot you ain't gon' believe.
我不能去  Naw, I can't. I can't. Can't.
我要惹大麻烦的  I'm gonna get in so much trouble.
没事  就说艺术老师逼你去的  Hey, man. Tell him your art teacher made you.
你怎么知道这地方的  How'd you know about this place?
在这里做过一份工程工作  Did an engineering job down here.
One, two, three, four, five...
好啊  What's up?
嗯  我就知道我们有血缘关系  Yeah, man, I knew we were related.
布鲁克林  Brooklyn!
这墙上有好多历史  There's a lot of history on these walls.
这里太赞了  This is so fresh.
现在就看你的了  迈尔斯  And now you on your own, Miles.
慢一点儿  Slow down a little.
这就对了  That's better.
Who's the black sheep? What's the black sheep?
Don't know who I am when I'm coming so you sleep
看到了吗  犯错也是其中的一部分  See what you got now? Makin' mistakes is part of it.
And you can't beat that...
真正的迈尔斯露出脸来了  The real Miles comin' outta hidin'.
You gotta hay? It's for the hoes
换种颜色结束这条线  Now you can cut that line with another color.
You can get with this or you can get with that
You can get with this or you can get with that
You can get with this or you can get with that
I think you'll get with this for this is where it's at
帮帮忙  Little help?
...who was quite contrary talkin' 'bout Mary...
你想滴下来吗  如果想  那很好  Did you want drips? 'Cause if you do, that's cool,
但如果不是  就得挪地方了  but if you don't, you gotta keep it moving.
那是有意的  That's intentional.
太疯狂了吗  Is it too crazy?
不会  No, man.
迈尔斯  我很理解你的意思  Miles, I see exactly what you're doing there.
嗯  Yeah.
我和你爸以前常做这个  You know, me and your dad used to do this back in the day.
少来了    真的  Stop lyin'.    It's true.
然后他成了警察  我不知道  Then he took on the cop thing, and I don't know...
他是个好人  但...  He's a good guy, just...
你明白的  You know what I'm sayin'.
好了  走吧  我得走了  All right, come on, man. I gotta roll.
迈尔斯  走吧  Miles, let's go.
好奇怪  That's weird.
我的裤子缩水了  My pants shrank.
我进入青春期了  I think I hit puberty.
真不该说出声
我得买新裤子  I gotta get new pants.
等等  为什么我脑子里的声音那么响  Wait. Why is the voice in my head so loud?
什么  What?
你没事吧    什么  Are you okay?    What?
我怎么大汗淋漓的  Why am I so sweaty?
你怎么大汗淋漓的  Why are you so sweaty?
是青春期的问题  It's a puberty thing.
我不知道我为什么那么说  I don't know why I said that.
我才没进入青春期呢  I'm not going through puberty.
我进入了  已经结束了  I did, but I'm done.
我是个男人了  I'm a man.
你是新来的吧  这是我们的共同点  So you're, like, new here, right? We got that in common.
嗯  算是一点吧  Yeah. That's one thing.
好啊  我是迈尔斯  Cool. Yeah. I'm Miles.
我是格温...达  I'm Gwe... anda.
等等  你叫格温达吗  Wait, your name is Gwanda?
是的  是非洲名字  我是南非人  Yes, it's African. I'm South African.
但我没有口音  因为我在这里长大  No accent though 'cause I was raised here.
在她走开之前做肩咚  Do the shoulder touch now before she walks away.
这为什么那么可怕  Why is this so scary?
我是在慢动作吗  还是只是我那么觉得  Am I doing this in slow motion or does it just feel that way?
我开玩笑的  其实我叫温达  I'm kidding. It's Wanda.
没有G  那多不像话  No "G." That's crazy.
好吧  Okay, then.
回头见了  I'll see you around.
回见  See you.
抱歉  Sorry.
该死    你可以放手吗  Oh, crap.    Can you let go, please?
我放不开    冷静点  没事的  I can't let go.    Ow! Ow! Calm down. It's fine.
迈尔斯  放手    我在努力呢  Miles, let go.    Workin' on it.
只是青春期的问题  It's just puberty.
我觉得你都不知道青春期什么意思  放松下来  I don't think you know what puberty is. Just relax.
好  我有计划了    好啊  Okay, I have a plan.    Great.
我要使劲拽    这计划太糟了  I'm gonna pull really hard.    That's a terrible plan.
一    别那么做  One.    Don't do this.
二    三  Two.    Three!
认识你很高兴  Nice to meet you?
嗯  可荣幸了  Sure. Total pleasure.
没人看到  没事的  No one saw. It's okay.
没人知道  没人知道  No one knows, no one knows.
大家都知道了  Everyone knows.
大家都知道了  他们在谈论我  Everyone knows. They're talkin' 'bout me.
他们什么都看到了  They saw everything!
他知道了  她知道了  他们知道了  He knows. She knows. They know.
她好高啊  She's super tall.
他为什么在笑  我现在成了奇葩男了吗  Why is he smiling? Am I the weird guy now?
我在干什么  What am I doing?
那家伙可奇怪了  That guy's such a weirdo.
我怎么停下  How do I stop?
他们听得到我的想法吗  Can they hear my thoughts?!
我的想法怎么都那么响  Why are all my thoughts so loud?!
我知道你昨晚溜出去了  莫拉莱斯  I know you snuck out last night, Morales.
装傻  Play dumb!
莫拉莱斯是谁  Who's Morales?
不能那么傻啦  Not that dumb!
好了  你没事了  Okay, okay. You're okay.
你没事了  You're okay.
他绝对找不到你  He'll never find you.
不是吧  No.
你进我办公室干什么  莫拉莱斯  What are you doing in my office, Morales?!
莫拉莱斯  开门  Morales! Open up!
蜘蛛当  绿魔当  Spider  bells Goblin smells
为什么会这样  Why is this happening?
蜘蛛虫爆了胎  Spider  buggy blew a tire
他嗓子不错  He's got a nice voice.
蜘蛛当  蜘蛛当  Spidey  bells, Spidey  bells
开门  Open up!
别粘着了  Stop sticking!
粘住  迈尔斯  Keep sticking, Miles!
霍夫斯塔德是说...  Hofstadter is suggesting...
我们...  ...is that we...
看...  ...look on the...
好吧  Okay.
我的房间  My room!
蜘蛛侠的真实人生故事
"为什么会这样"  "Why is this happening?"
"求你别粘着了"  "Please stop sticking."
"求你粘住"  "Please keep st..."
等等  Wait, wait, wait.
怎么会有两个蜘蛛侠  How could there be two Spider  Men?
不可能有两个蜘蛛侠  There can't be two Spider  Men.
能吗  Can there?
亚伦叔叔  快接听啊  Come on, Uncle Aaron, pick up. Pick up!
我是亚伦  Yo, it's Aaron.
我要出城几天  I'm outta town for a few days.
回来后再打给你  再见  I'll hit you when I'm back. Peace.
不  不不不  No. No  No  No  No  No.
这不可能  It's not possible!
只是青春期  It's just puberty.
那是只正常蜘蛛  我是个正常孩子  It's a normal spider and I'm a normal kid!
厉害  All right!
我得告诉谁  I gotta tell someone.
好吧  你在发疯  迈尔斯  Okay, you're being crazy, Miles.
你是在发疯  You're being crazy.
找到那只蜘蛛  Find the spider.
你就会明白了  You'll see.
是只普通蜘蛛  It's a normal spider.
这只蜘蛛都正常到无聊了  It's, like, boring how normal this spider is.
我为什么会遇到这种事  Why is this happening to me?
等等  我在做什么  Slow down! What am I doing?
炼金术公司
这边  Way over there.
你跟我一样  You're like me.
迈尔斯  小心  Miles. Look out.
我不想做个英雄  I don't wanna be a hero.
迈尔斯  Miles.
小心
诺曼  听我说  Norman, listen to me.
蜘蛛侠  Spider  Man?
我不能允许你打开通往另一个维度的传送门  I cannot let you open a portal to another dimension.
这不符合布鲁克林的分区法  Brooklyn is not zoned for that.
这我说了不算  It's not up to me.
那是绿魔吗  Is that Green Goblin?!
你为什么不肯放弃  Why won't you quit?!
我想我是希望布鲁克林不被吸入黑洞  I guess I like Brooklyn not being sucked into a black hole.
我还是走吧  I think I'm gonna go.
斯塔顿岛我不太介意  但布鲁克林不行  Staten Island, maybe. Not Brooklyn.
不要  No! No!
又什么啊  What now?
这什么地方  What is this place?
你知道你鞋带没系好吗  Did you know your shoes are untied?
这是件连体衣  This is a onesie,
所以我没这种问题  so I don't really have to worry about it.
我以为我是唯一一个  你跟我一样  I thought I was the only one. You're like me.
但我不想要这样  I don't wanna be.
我觉得你是没选择的  孩子  I don't think you have a choice, kiddo.
你现在心里肯定很乱  Got a lot going through your head, I'm sure.
是啊  Yeah.
你会没事的  我可以帮你  You're gonna be fine. I can help you.
如果你留下  我会教你怎么做  If you stick around, I can show you the ropes.
好  Yeah.
我得先赶紧去摧毁这台大机器  I just need to destroy this big machine real quick
以免时空连续性崩塌  before the space  time continuum collapses.
待着别动  Don't move.
回见  See you in a bit.
他怎么做到的  How does he do that?
这里吗  不  是这里  Is it here? No, no, it's here.
好了  All right, folks.
我总插反  I always get this wrong.
糟糕  Oh, boy.
徘徊者  Prowler.
哥们  我正忙着呢  Man, I was in the middle of something.
我好累啊  I am so tired.
你是生我气了吗  你似乎是生我气了  Are you mad at me? I feel like you're mad at me.
就这点本事吗  That all you got?
恶心死了  Aw, so gross.
我该上去帮他的  I should go up there and help him.
我骗谁呢  我才不该那么做呢  Who am I kidding? I should not do that.
小心  蜘蛛侠来了  Watch out. Here comes the Spider  Man.
喜欢我的新玩具吗  You like my new toy?
花了好多钱  但反正那东西死了也用不着  Cost me a fortune, but, hey, can't take it with you, right?
你大老远跑来看测试  You came all this way. Watch the test.
流光溢彩的  It's a hell of a freaking light show.
你肯定喜欢  You're gonna love this.
探针启动
不  别这么做  停下  No! No, don't do this! Stop!
你不知道会有什么结果  你会害死所有人的  You don't know what it can do! You'll kill us all!
多个维度打开了  I see multiple dimensions opening!
三  四  五个不同的维度  That was three, four and five separate dimensions.
但状态不稳定  我们该停下  It's unstable! We should stop.
诺曼  你对头部创伤怎么看  Norm, what's your take on head trauma?
我警告你了  伙计  I tried to warn you, pal.
绿魔  不  把他拿开  Goblin, no! Get him outta there!
威尔森  你在哪  Wilson! Where are we?
好奇怪  Really weird.
威尔森  Wilson!
你没事吧  Are you okay?
我没事  我就是在休息  I'm fine, I'm fine. I'm just resting.
你能起来吗    嗯  Can't you get up?    Yeah.
嗯  我总能起来  Yeah, I always get up.
咳嗽可能不是好现象  The coughing's probably not a good sign.
找到他  快  Find him. Now.
听着  我们得合作  我们时间不多了  Listen, we gotta team up here. We don't have that much time.
这把覆写钥匙是中止对撞机的唯一办法  This override key is the only way to stop the collider.
飞上去  插入钥匙  按下按钮  把它炸飞  Swing up there, use this key, push the button and blow it up.
你得把脸遮住  You need to hide your face.
不要把你的身份告诉别人  You don't tell anyone who you are.
绝不能让人知道  他控制了所有人  No one can know. He's got everyone in his pocket.
什么    如果他再次开启机器  What?    If he turns the machine on again,
你所知的一切都会消失  everything you know will disappear.
你的家人  所有人  Your family, everyone.
每一个人  Everyone.
向我保证你会做到  Promise me you'll do this.
我保证  I promise.
去吧  摧毁对撞机  Go. Destroy the collider.
我会去找你的  I'll come and find you.
没事的  It's gonna be okay.
墓石  Tombstone.
测试到此为止  We're done with tests.
准备好再次启动它  尽快  Get that thing ready to go again. And soon.
跑快点  Run faster!
这些人真没用  These guys are weak.
我倒想说很高兴再见到你  蜘蛛侠  I'd say it's nice to see you again, Spider  Man,
但我不高兴  but it's not.
金并  生意好吗  Hey, Kingpin. How's business?
好极了  Boomin'.
好啊  这可不行  Nice. Aw, that's a no  no.
这会在布鲁克林下面打开黑洞的  This might open a black hole under Brooklyn.
这样的险不值得冒  It can't be worth the risk.
并不总是为了钱  蜘蛛侠  It's not always about the money, Spider  Man.
你不想知道我在那里看到了什么吗  Don't you wanna know what I saw in there?
等等  Wait.
我知道你想做什么  I know what you're trying to do,
不会成功的  and it won't work.
他们死了  They're gone.
处理掉尸体  Get rid of the body.
怎么回事  What was that?
杀了那人  Kill that guy.
别粘了  Stop sticking!
关门小心  Stand clear of the closing doors, please.
嗯  好像是班克西的作品  Yeah, I think it's a Banksy.
警察  举起手来  Police! Put your hands up!
迈尔斯  Miles? Miles?
你怎么没在学校  Why aren't you at school?
没事了  没事了  It's okay. It's okay.
迈尔斯  怎么了  Miles? ¿Qué te pasa?
是因为地震吗  Is it the earthquake?
我今晚能睡这里吗  Can I sleep here tonight?
迈尔斯  现在不是周末  Miles. It's a weeknight.
你应该遵守校规的  You made a commitment to that school.
杰夫  他正难过呢  Jeff, he's upset.
你当然可以住下  Of course you can stay.
爸爸    嗯  Dad?    Yeah.
你真的恨蜘蛛侠吗  Do you really hate Spider  Man?
是啊  这种义警...  Yeah. I mean, with a vigilante, there is...
杰夫  亲爱的  Jeff, mi amor.
怎么了  他问的  What? He asked me.
亲爱的  你知道我对蜘蛛侠的看法  拜托  Baby, you know how I feel about Spider  Man. Come on.
你知道他很爱你  Tú sabes que él te quiere mucho.
所以他才对你那么严格  你知道吧  That's why he's tough on you. You know that, right?
妈妈  你考虑过搬出布鲁克林吗  Mom, do you ever think about moving out of Brooklyn?
我们家的人从来不逃避  迈尔斯  Our family doesn't run from things, Miles.
我知道  Yeah, I know.
他是怎么回事  What's that about?
他现在不好过  杰夫  He's having a hard time, Jeff.
越是艰难  When it gets hard,
越是要坚持到底  that's when he's gotta stick it out.
我们先插播一条特别新闻  We interrupt this broadcast for a special report.
今晚传来悲哀的消息  Sad news tonight.
被人称为蜘蛛侠的英雄死了  The hero known as Spider  Man has died
死于布鲁克林又一次强地震造成的伤势  after injuries related to another powerful earthquake in Brooklyn.
多个消息源证实  Multiple sources are confirming
彼得·帕克  一名26岁的研究生  that Peter Parker, a 26  year  old grad student
和兼职摄影师  and part  time photographer
作为蜘蛛侠行事了至少十多年  operated as Spider  Man for at least a decade.
I'm not runnin', runnin', runnin'
No, I'm not afraid of the fall
I'm not scared...
他留下一位妻子  玛丽·简  He is survived by his wife, Mary Jane,
和婶婶梅·帕克  and his aunt, May Parker.
我们的英雄  蜘蛛侠  去世了  Our hero, Spider  Man, is gone.
I'm not scared...
我丈夫彼得·帕克  My husband, Peter Parker,
只是个普通人  was an ordinary person.
他总说戴面具的可能是任何人  He always said it could've been anyone behind the mask.
他只是那个恰好被咬了的孩子  He was just the kid who happened to get bit.
我会想他的  I'm going to miss him.
我们还是朋友呢  We were friends, you know.
如果不合身我能退吗  Can I return it if it doesn't fit?
总会合身的  It always fits
最终会的  eventually.
拒不接受退货或退款
他没想要获得异能  He didn't ask for his powers,
但他选择了做蜘蛛侠  but he chose to be Spider  Man.
我最爱彼得的一点  My favorite thing about Peter
是他让我们每个人都觉得强大  is that he made us each feel powerful.
我们都有某种力量  We all have powers of one kind or another.
Of the dark...
以我们各自的方式  But in our own way.
我们都是蜘蛛侠  We are all Spider  Man.
我们都指望你了  And we're all counting on you.
他们就指望我了  They're counting on me.
可能不是专指你  我觉得是个隐喻  Probably not you specifically. I think it's a metaphor.
只有一个办法  比利
你得大胆去做
不管如何危险  不管多么冒险
蜘蛛侠死了
彼得·帕克
抱歉  帕克先生  I'm sorry, Mr. Parker.
你给我的那东西  那把钥匙  That thing you gave me, that key
好像被我弄坏了  I think I really messed it up.
我想做你要我做的事  I wanna do what you asked.
真的  I really do.
但对不起  But I'm sorry.
我觉得我不是合适的人  I'm not sure I'm the guy.
没有你我做不到  I can't do this without you.
孩子  Hey, kid.
我对他做了什么  What did I do to him?!
不  No.
你是谁  Who are you?
好了  各位  我们再最后说一次  All right, people, let's do this one last time.
我名叫彼得·B·帕克  My name is Peter B. Parker.
我被一只放射性蜘蛛咬了  I was bitten by a radioactive spider.
这22年来  And for the last 22 years,
我以为我是唯一的蜘蛛侠  I thought I was the one and only Spider  Man.
今天真够呛  What a day.
我确信其他的你都知道了  I'm pretty sure you know the rest.
我拯救城市  坠入爱河  步入婚姻  You see, I saved the city, fell in love, I got married,
继续拯救城市  也许救了太多次了  saved the city some more, maybe too much.
我的婚姻遭遇危机  做了些冒险的投资  My marriage got testy, made some dicey money choices.
不要投资蜘蛛侠主题餐厅  Don't invest in a spider  themed restaurant.
然后大概15年过去了  Then like 15 years passed.
超级无趣  Super boring.
我摔断了脊椎  一架无人机撞我脸上了  I broke my back, a drone flew into my face,
我安葬了梅婶婶  I buried Aunt May.
我老婆和我离婚了  My wife and I split up.
但我昂首挺胸面对这一切  But I handled it like a champion.
因为  你猜怎么着  'Cause, you know what,
无论我被打倒多少次  no matter how many times I get hit,
我总是能站起来  I always get back up.
我有许多时间反思以及提升自我  And I got a lot of time to reflect and work on myself.
你知道一对海马会终生为伴吗  Did you know that seahorses, that they mate for life?
你能想象吗  Could you imagine?
一只海马  遇见另一只海马  A seahorse seeing another seahorse
然后一直在一起  and then making it work?
她想要孩子  She wanted kids and...
这把我吓坏了  And it scared me.
我确信我伤了她的心  I'm pretty sure I broke her heart.
快进  我在我的公寓里做着俯卧撑  Flash  forward: I'm in my apartment doing push  ups,
做着仰卧起坐  正健着身  doing ab crunches, getting strong,
然后就发生了这件怪事  when this weird thing happened.
我必须说一句  我身上经常发生怪事  And I gotta say, weird things happen to me a lot.
但这次是真的诡异  But this was real weird.
你瞧  我依旧在纽约  但一切都不一样了  You see, I was in New York, but things were different.
而且  我死了  Also, I was dead.
还变成了金发  And blond.
几乎是一副完美的样子  I was kind of perfect.
简直就像是照镜子一样  It was like looking in a mirror.
我有种感觉  那个把我拽到这里的东西  I have a feeling that the thing that brought me here
就是害死他的东西  was the thing that got him killed.
你想知道接下来发生了什么吗  You wanna know what happened next?
我也想知道  Me, too.
你是谁  Who are you?
你在那边干什么呢  What are you doin' over there?
不许动  纽约警局  Freeze! P.D.N.Y.
站住  Stop!
你是在逗我吗  Are you kidding me right now?
站住  站住  Stop! Stop!
跟我走  跟我走  I gotcha. I gotcha.
小子  放下尸体  Hey, kid. Drop the body.
小子  到这边来    快过来  Hey, kid. Get over here!    Come on, now!
再见  警官们  See you, officers!
拜托  Aw, come on.
小子    小子  快过来  Hey, kid.    Kid, come on, now!
举起手  小子  Put 'em up, son!
再见  Adiós?
彼得·帕克
救命  让列车停下来  Help! Somebody stop that train!
搞什么...  What the...?
抱歉  Sorry.
我要死了  I'm gonna die!
看起来像是一个小孩扮成蜘蛛侠的样子  Looks like a child dressed like Spider  Man
拖着一个流浪汉的尸体吊在列车后面  dragging a homeless corpse behind a train.
太好了  我没要了你的命  Yes! I didn't kill you.
你是谁    你又是谁  Who are you?    Who are you?
你为什么想要杀了我  Why are you trying to kill me?
我没有  我是想救你  I'm not. I'm trying to save you.
麻烦大家绕一下好吗  Hey, maybe you guys can go around?
好的  谢谢你  纽约  All right. Thanks, New York.
那是什么  What was that?
小孩电击了我  Kid electrocuted me
用他的手  with his hands.
你跟我一样    我有问题问你  You're like me.    I got some questions.
你为什么长得像彼得·帕克  Why do you look like Peter Parker?
因为我就是彼得·帕克  Because I am Peter Parker.
那你为什么没死  还有你的头发为什么变了  Then why aren't you dead? And why is your hair different?
你为什么变老了  连体型也不一样了  Why are you older? And why is your body a different shape?
你是说我胖吧  Pretty sure you just called me fat.
不不  只是...  No, no, just...
听着  你看上去也没有多型嘛  小子  Hey, listen. You don't look so hot either, kid.
大部分超级英雄都不会穿自己的周边  Most superheroes don't wear their own merch.
你是鬼魂吗    不是  Are you a ghost?    No.
你是僵尸吗    闭嘴  Are you a zombie?    Stop it.
那是我变成了僵尸吗    猜得太离谱了  Am I a zombie?    You're not even close.
你是从另一个维度来的吗  Are you from another dimension?
比如一个  Like a parallel universe
和这个宇宙差不多但又不同的平行宇宙  where things are like this universe but different?
而你是那个宇宙的蜘蛛侠  And you're Spider  Man in that universe?
但不知怎么的来了这个宇宙  But somehow traveled to this universe,
而你不清楚原因  but you don't know how?
你那真的只是随口一猜吗  That was really just a guess?
我们在物理课上学过  We learned about it in physics.
量子力学    这简直是太棒了  Quantum theory.    This is amazing!
你可以像彼得承诺的那样教我  You can teach me like Peter said he would.
他死之前承诺的  Before he died.
没错    可不是嘛  Yeah. Exactly.    Yeah, right.
听着  我向他保证过  Look, I made a promise to him.
这是第一课  小子  Here's lesson number one, kid.
别光注意嘴  要注意手  Don't watch the mouth. Watch the hands.
彼得  认真的...  Peter, seriously...
相信我  小子  Trust me, kid.
这一切都会让你成为更好的蜘蛛侠  This'll all make you a better Spider  Man.
你还好吗  Hey, are you okay?
不  我不好  No, I'm not.
你的身体出什么问题了  What's going on with your body?
我觉得我的原子不太乐意  I don't think my atoms are real jazzed
来到这个错误的维度  about being in the wrong dimension.
听着  我不想找份当蜘蛛侠教练的兼职  Look, I'm not looking for a side gig as a Spider  Man coach.
我在我那个维度有好多事要做  I got a lot going on in my dimension.
能力越大  责任...  "With great power comes great..."
你敢把这句话说完试试  Don't you dare finish that sentence.
不许说  我受够了这句话  Don't do it! I'm sick of it.
想听我的建议吗  回去做个普通孩子吧  Want my advice? Go back to being a regular kid.
我没有选择  I don't have a choice!
金并有台超级对撞机  Kingpin's got a supercollider.
他想杀了我  He's tryin' to kill me.
你刚刚说了什么    金并想要杀了我  What did you just say?    Kingpin's tryin' to kill me.
谁关心那个呀  那台对撞机在哪  Who cares about that. Where's the collider?
布鲁克林  菲斯克大厦底下  Brooklyn. Under Fisk Tower.
再见    你要去哪  Goodbye.    Where you going?
等机器再次启动的时候  When it runs again,
我就跳进去回到我的世界  I'll jump in and get back to my life.
你不能让他们启动机器  You can't let them run it.
我应该把它毁了  I'm supposed to destroy it
这样它就再也没法启动  不然所有人都会死  so it never runs again or everyone's gonna die.
"不然所有人都会死"  他们总是这么说  "Or everyone's gonna die." That is what they always say.
但在所有人死之前总有那么一点时间  But there's always a little bit of time before everybody dies
那时就该我上场了  and that's when I do my best work.
你难道不需要这个吗  Aren't you gonna need this?
你有个小装置  拿来  Aw, you have a goober. Give it.
等等  不行  别急  他称之为覆写钥匙  Wait, no. Not so fast. He called it an override key.
总是有这么一把绕路钥匙  病毒钥匙  There's always a bypass key, a virus key,
随便一把什么钥匙  a who  cares key.
我总是记不住  I can never remember,
所以把它们统称为小装置  拿来  so I always call it a goober. Give it.
我需要用它去毁灭对撞机  I need it to destroy the collider.
我需要用它回家  I need it to go home.
不  我会把它吞下去的  别耍我  No! I'll swallow it. Don't play with me.
什么    我说...  What?    I said...
对撞机创造了一个传送门把我带到了这里  The collider created a portal that brought me here.
而我得...  And I have to get...
你是把它弄坏了吗  Did you break this?
没有  它自己坏了  No, it broke.
我不记得发生了什么  I don't remember what happened.
瞧  这就是为什么我不要孩子  See, this is why I never had kids.
我们不能再做一把吗  Can't we make another one?
不  我们什么也做不了  No. We can't do anything.
拜你所赐  我得去炼金术公司  Thanks to you, I have to re  steal
把你的蜘蛛侠偷过的东西再偷一次  what your guy stole from Alchemax
然后重新做一把  and make another one of these.
如果在你离开之后我不把对撞机关掉  If I don't turn off the collider after you leave,
这座城市里的每一个人  everyone in this city,
我爸妈  我叔叔  my parents, my uncle
还有上百万其他人都会死  and millions of others, will die.
你就打算这样一走了之  And you're just gonna go home
把我留在这里让我自己处理这件事吗  and leave me here to figure this out for myself?
你觉得可以  蜘蛛侠    嗯  You good with that, Spider  Man?    Yeah.
你在干什么  What are you doing?
让你产生罪恶感  起作用了吗  Making you feel guilty. Is it working?
怎么可能...  没有  你看看我  How could it...? No. Look at me.
看着像是起作用了吗  Does it look like it's working?
不  不  没有...  No. No, it's not...
不  不  不  不能让他赢  No! No! No! Do not let him win!
行吧  小子  你赢了  All right, kid. You win.
来吧  我们一秒都不能浪费  Come on, we don't have a second to lose.
我爱这个汉堡  太好吃了  I love this burger. So delicious.
这是我吃过的最好吃的汉堡之一  One of the best burgers I've ever had.
在我那个宇宙  这地方六年前倒闭了  In my universe, this place closed six years ago.
我不知道为什么  真的想不通  I don't know why. I really don't.
你有带钱吧  我现在手头不是很宽裕  You have money, right? I'm not very liquid right now.
我们能集中注意力吗    当然  Can we focus?    Mm  hm. Sure.
另一个彼得...    你的还吃吗  The other Peter...    You gonna eat that?
我听着呢  I'm listening.
另一个彼得答应要教我怎么做  The other Peter said he was gonna be showing me the ropes.
你现在有什么蜘蛛侠小贴士可以告诉我吗  You got any Spider  Man tips you can tell me now?
嗯  我有一堆  Yeah, I got plenty.
给面具消毒  Disinfect the mask.
在紧身衣里撒点爽身粉  You're gonna wanna use baby powder in the suit,
关节处多撒点  heavy on the joints.
你可不想磨破吧  You don't want any chafing, right?
还有吗    没有了  以上就是全部的了  Anything else?    Nope, that was everything.
我觉得你会是个糟糕的老师  I think you're gonna be a bad teacher.
查查炼金术公司在哪里  Look up where Alchemax is.
"纽约哈德森谷里的一座私人科技园"  "A private technological campus in Hudson Valley, New York."
你可以在过去的路上教我怎么荡  You can teach me to swing on the way there.
我才不要一路荡去哈德森谷呢  迈尔斯  I'm not swinging to the Hudson Valley, Miles.
特别是在饱餐了一顿汉堡早餐之后  Not after a hearty burger breakfast.
省点腿力  你等下会感谢我的  Keep your legs fresh. You're gonna thank me later.
I can see a new horizon
Underneath the blazing sky
I'll be where the eagle's flying higher...
不要披披风    我觉得很酷  And it's a no on the cape.    I think it's cool.
脱掉  那样太不礼貌了  Take that off. It's disrespectful.
蜘蛛侠不披披风  Spider  Man doesn't wear a cape.
所以我们要如何追溯彼得的脚步  So how do we retrace Peter's steps?
问得好  That's a good question.
如果我是我的话  我会怎么做  What would I do if I were me?
有了  Got it.
第一步  我溜进实验室  Step One: I infiltrate the lab.
二  找到首席科学家的电脑  Two: Find the head scientist's computer.
那个推自行车的女士就是首席科学家  That lady with the bike is the head scientist.
我在学校放的纪录片里见过她    棒  I saw her in this documentary at school.    Cool!
第三步  我再次检查我的衣服穿没穿好  Step Three: I reexamine my personal biases.
第四步  我黑进电脑  Step Four: I hack the computer.
那其实不算黑进去  It's not technically hacking.
现在不是时候  等等  我的思绪一下断了  Not now. Hold on. I just lost my train of thought.
第五步  下载那个重要的东西  Step Five: Download the important stuff.
我一眼就能看出来哪个重要  I'll know it when I see it.
第六步  我从餐厅拿个百吉饼然后开跑  Step Six: I grab a bagel from the cafeteria and run.
那我要干什么  So, what am I doing?
第七步  你留在这里放哨  这非常重要  Step Seven: You stay here. You're lookout. Very important.
听着老兄  你必须教我怎么做蜘蛛侠  Look, man. You gotta teach me how to do Spider  Man stuff
不然我没办法帮上忙  or I won't be able to help.
好好看好好学  小子  我晚点考你  Watch and learn, kid! I'll quiz ya later!
我为什么会和这个差劲的潦倒失业老蜘蛛侠困在一起  Why did I get stuck with the janky, old, broke hobo Spider  Man?!
那倒是新鲜  That's new.
金并  Kingpin.
我在干什么  我在干什么  What am I doing? What am I doing?
我在干什么  我在干什么  What am I doing? What am I doing?
彼得  Peter!
彼得  Peter!
彼得  Peter!
你在这里干什么    金并来了  What are you doing here?    Kingpin's here.
过去点  Just move over.
你踩到我的脚了  到外面去  You're steppin' on my foot. Go back outside.
不行  我不能袖手旁观  No! I can't sit there and let Spider  Man die
眼睁睁看着蜘蛛侠去死  without doing anything about it.
我不要再经历一遍了  I'm not doing that again.
怎么了  What?
我工作时遇到的大部分人都想杀了我  Most people I meet in the workplace try to kill me, so...
换成你这样的也不错  you're a nice change of pace.
菲斯克先生  看看这个数据  Mr. Fisk! Look at this data.
我知道你并不能真正理解  I know you can't really understand it,
但这些数据都很不错  but these are really good numbers.
我记住密码了  And I got the password.
菲斯克先生  如果我们这周再次启动  Mr. Fisk. If we fire again this week
可能会在布鲁克林下面出现一个黑洞  there could be a black hole under Brooklyn.
你看到这个了吗  还有这个  You see this? And this?
这是多维空间开始相互挤压  This is multiple dimensions beginning to crash into each other.
这是挺标准的蜘蛛侠冒险  This is pretty standard Spider  Man stakes.
你会习惯的  看着  You get used to it. Watch this.
他会说  "你有24小时"  He's gonna say, "You've got 24 hours."
你有24小时  You've got 24 hours.
这意味着在时空连续区  What this means is there could be a rupture
可能出现断裂  in the space  time continuum.
那可糟糕了  That's bad.
实际上  她说的每一句话都很糟糕  Actually, everything she said was bad.
我刚刚撒谎了  I was lying before.
好吧  等等  让我再给你一些数据  Okay. Hold on. Let me get you some more data.
你在干什么  伙计    我动不了了  What are you doing, bud?    I can't move.
好了  放松你的手指  Okay, relax your fingers.
我们没时间了  放手吧  活在当下  We don't have time. Just let go. Be in the moment.
我正在当下呢  是个糟糕的当下  I am in the moment. It's a terrible moment.
我不是想拒绝    别再找借口了  I'm not refusing.    No more excuses.
我只是需要多一点时间  I just need more time.
他们就在门外  他们会看见你的  They're right there. They're gonna see you.
迈尔斯  别粘着了  Miles, you gotta unstick.
你平时是怎么放松的  What do you do to relax?
放松  好吧好吧好吧  Relax. Okay, okay, okay.
更不用说  我  Needless to say, I...
我的老天爷  Oh, for crying out loud.
就此打住吧  宝贝  我整个一团糟  Callin' it quits now, baby, I'm a wreck.
你也一团糟  You're a wreck, ooh...
青少年最可怕了  Teenagers: just the worst.
迈尔斯  你去哪了    我就在这呢  Miles, where did you go?    I'm right here.
哪里  我看不见你    我就在你面前  Where? I can't see ya.    I'm right in front of you.
蜘蛛侠能隐形吗    在我的宇宙不能  Can Spider  Man turn invisible?    Not in my universe.
你刚刚戳中我的眼睛了  You just poked me in my eye!
这太不可思议了  像是某种打或逃机制  This is incredible. Some kind of fight or flight thing.
那是什么  What's that?
记住密码  大写的DGFAMPESAND  Remember this password. D  G  F  A  M  P  E  S  A  N  D...
慢点  Slow down!
4$3587653454535  4-$  3  5  8  7  6  5  3  4  5  4  5  3  5.
我得拿笔记下来    下载电路图  I need to write it down!    Download the schematic.
我要怎么做    我要使出美男计了  How do I do that?    While I turn on the charm.
蜘蛛侠  Spider  Man?
刚才没看见你  Didn't see you there.
我现在有点惊慌失措  Okay, I'm kinda freaking out right now.
你应该死了才对  I mean, you're supposed to be dead.
没想到吧  好了  这可不行  我们不喜欢  Surprise! Okay. That's a no  no. We don't like that.
太迷人了  This is fascinating.
好了  这是我的脸  Okay, that's my face.
完全不同的彼得·帕克  An entirely different Peter Parker.
有点小肚腩  也许是因为时空扭曲  Little bit of a gut, perhaps from dimensional warping.
对对对  我扭曲之前苗条多了  Oh, yeah  yeah  yeah. I was way flatter before I warped.
穿过多重宇宙  Travel through the multiverse
似乎恶化了...  appears to have deteriorated the...
剩下的几位是什么  What was the rest?!
你多大了  Hey, how old are you?
你看起来可不像35岁  'Cause you don't look a day over 35.
他们说我疯了  他们说我疯了  They said I was crazy! They said I was crazy!
你就得让他们看看  你没疯  You showed 'em you're not crazy.
这可能会有点疼  This might pinch a little.
我知道  我只是必须取些样本  I know. I just need to get these samples.
好吧  Okay.
整理一下桌面好吗  女士  Organize your desktop, lady.
细胞完全衰退  Just complete cellular decay.
我从没见过这样的案例  I've never seen anything like this.
你在搞什么  What are you doing?
我把整台电脑一起搬走  I'm just taking the whole thing.
很显然你出了故障  And obviously you've been glitching.
"故障"  不  你为什么这么说  "Glitchin'"? No. Why would you even say that?
如果你在这个维度待得太久  If you stay in this dimension too long,
你的身体将会瓦解  your body's gonna disintegrate.
你知道那会有多痛苦吗  彼得·帕克  Do you know how painful that would be, Peter Parker?
不知道  I don't know.
你无法想象  You can't imagine.
而我  已经等不及想看了  And I, for one, can't wait to watch.
你说你叫什么来着  What did you say your name was?
奥利维亚·奥克塔维斯博士  Dr. Olivia Octavius.
我大胆猜下  你的朋友是叫你章鱼博士吗  Can I assume that your friends call you Doc Ock?
我的朋友叫我小维  My friends actually call me Liv.
我的敌人才叫我章鱼博士  My enemies call me Doc Ock.
有我呢  跑  I got this! Run!
你在跟谁说话  Who are you talking to?
有我呢    "有我呢"  彼得  I got it!    Oh, you "Got it," Peter?
我能解决  伙计  I got it handled, buddy!
一切都好  Everything is fine!
好吧  这有点不妙    你话真多  Okay, this is a little bit bad.    You're chatty.
得走了  Gotta go.
我就是从这一刻开始落下风  This is the moment that I'm losin' the fight.
我告诉你个好消息吧  我们不需要显示器  Let me tell you the good news. We don't need the monitor.
彼得  Peter!
你没告诉我你有个隐形的朋友  You didn't tell me you had an invisible friend!
你能把它还给我吗  年轻人  Could you give me that back, young man?
彼得  Peter!
这是专有物品  It's proprietary.
现在是隐身的完美时机    是  This'd be a good time to turn invisible.    Yep.
好吧  不隐形了  选个百吉饼  Okay, not gonna turn invisible. Selecting a bagel.
举止正常点  Act super normal.
蜘蛛侠  Spider  Man?
说来有趣  You know, that's funny,
这话我经常听到  I get that a lot.
蜘蛛侠    举起手来  Spider  Man?    Hey! Hands up!
我们来换个手    什么  Now we do a switchy  switchy.    What?
回来  Get back here!
你们以为自己能去哪  Where do you think you're going?
他拿了百吉饼    该荡起来了  He took a bagel!    Time to swing,
就像我教你的那样    你什么时候教我了  just like I taught ya.    When did you teach me that?
我没有  就是团队建设的一个小笑话  I didn't. It's a little joke for team  building.
好了  准备好了吗    当然没有  All right, you ready?    Of course I'm not ready!
我还办不到  I can't do this yet!
大家都知道学习的最好时机  Everybody knows that the best way to learn
就是经历生死攸关的考验的时候  is under intense life  threatening pressure.
快点  快点  快点  Come on, come on, come on.
你在下面做什么呢  What are you doing down there?
我跑得比荡得快  I run better than I swing.
你必须荡起来  不然他们会抓到你  You gotta swing or they'll catch you.
你不是一直想荡吗  This is what you wanted.
快回来  小朋友  Come back, little boy.
用臀部发力  想粘哪儿就看哪儿  Aim with your hips! Look where you want it to hit.
挺起胸膛  别忘了带动身体  Square your shoulders. Don't forget to follow through!
重心在后脚时不要发射  Don't shoot off your back foot.
太多了记不过来    那就别听我的  That's too many things!    Then stop listening to me!
这是你今天给出的最好建议  That's the best idea you've had all day!
干得好  迈尔斯  Nice, Miles!
好  你掌握了  Good. You're doin' it.
点两下放手  然后再喷丝  Double tap to release and thwip it out again.
喷丝  放手  Thwip and release.
喷丝  放手  喷丝    放手  And thwip. Release. Thwip.    And release.
你很有天赋  喷丝  放手  You're a natural. Thwip. Release.
掌握节奏了吗    喷丝  放手  Feel the rhythm?    Thwip. And release!
很好  迈尔斯  Good, Miles.
不得不说  你教得很棒  I gotta say, you're amazing, man.
我们是个小团队了  We're a little team!
我是宝刀未老的老师  Me as the teacher who could still do it.
你是初出茅庐的学徒  只是还没那么熟练  You as the student who can do it, just not as good.
我为我们骄傲  你有什么想对我说的吗  I'm proud of us. Is there something you want to say to me?
彼得  Peter!
搞什么    谁干的  What the...?    Who did that?
伙计们  Hey, guys.
格温达  Gwanda?
事实上是格温  It's Gwen, actually.
你认识她  太好了  Oh, you know her. Very cool.
我是从另一个维度来的  I'm from another dimension.
与你们都不同的维度  I mean, another  another dimension.
好了  伙计们  最后再从头说一遍  All right, people. Let's start at the beginning one last time.
我叫格温·史黛西  My name is Gwen Stacy.
我被一只放射性蜘蛛咬了  I was bitten by a radioactive spider.
过去两年来  And for the last two years,
我一直是唯一的蜘蛛女  I've been the one and only Spider  Woman.
剩下的你们都清楚了  You guys know the rest.
我加入了乐队  I joined a band.
救了我爸  Saved my dad.
我没能救下我最好的朋友  I couldn't save my best friend,
彼得·帕克  Peter Parker,
现在我要拯救其他人  so now I save everyone else.
我不再交朋友了  And I don't do friends anymore,
只是为了能全神贯注  just to avoid any distractions.
有一天  怪事发生了  And one day this weird thing happened.
真的很奇怪  And I mean, like, really weird.
我被炸进了上一周  I was blown into last week.
一点不夸张  Literally.
我着陆在纽约  但不是我生活的纽约  I landed in New York, but not my New York.
还好他们走运  Lucky for these folks,
蜘蛛侠及时到场拯救了大家  Spider  Man was there to save the day.
我的蜘蛛通感告诉我前往愿景学院  My Spider  sense told me to head to Visions Academy.
你们来得早了  ...you guys are early.
当时不明白为什么  直到遇见你  Wasn't sure why until I met you.
你喜欢你的发型  I like your haircut.
你没资格再跟我提这茬  You don't get to like my haircut.
我们走  Let's go.
还有多少跟我们一样的蜘蛛人  How many more Spider  People are there?
等漫展再说吧  Save it for Comic  Con.
漫展是什么  What's Comic  Con?
你死定了  蜘蛛侠  You're dead, Spider  Man.
威尔逊  你在做什么  Wilson! What are you doing?
凡妮莎  Vanessa.
理查德  我们走  Richard, come on.
凡妮莎  理查德  Vanessa! Richard!
不  No!
别回头  宝贝  没事的  没事的  Don't look back, honey. It's okay. It's okay.
我杀了蜘蛛侠  I killed Spider  Man.
为什么又看到了两个  Why did I just see two more?
事实上有三个  There's three, actually.
不  这是好事  这非常好  No, this is good. This is very, very good.
这意味着你能得偿所愿了  This means you get what you want.
意味着我的对撞机好用  It means my collider works.
我们只要杀死几只臭蜘蛛就行  All we have to do is kill a couple of Spiders.
对撞机会让你的家人复活的  And the collider will bring your family back.
想要多少都行  As many families as you want.
明天  在我的对撞机集合  Tomorrow, at my collider.
我们的对撞机  Our collider.
他弄坏的  He broke this?
对  他其实挺不好意思的  Yeah. He's actually really embarrassed about it, so...
所以别跟外人说  好吗  just keep it between us, okay?
我知道哪儿能做个新的  I know where we can make a new one.
我们这次不会再让他把它弄坏了  And we won't let him break it this time.
你朋友的事我很遗憾  I'm sorry about your friend.
谢了  迈尔斯  Thanks, Miles.
我知道这有多难受  I know how hard this is.
必须自己琢磨明白这些事  To have to figure this stuff out on your own.
知道自己不是唯一一个蜘蛛侠  其实感觉还不错  It's kinda nice not being the only Spider  person around.
你什么时候想再开始交朋友  If you ever decide to do friends again,
我永远都等着你  I could always open up a slot.
我会让你知道的  I'll keep you posted.
好  Cool.
我们也许应该离开  We should probably go.
彼得  我们都到门口了  Peter, we're literally on the doorstep.
坏主意  这是个坏主意  Bad idea. This is a bad idea.
放松点  Just relax.
你们很贴心  You guys are all very sweet,
但今天不接待粉丝了  but no more fans today, please.
我还没准备好  I'm not ready for this.
彼得  Peter?
梅姨  Hey, Aunt May.
这可能听上去很疯狂  So this is gonna sound crazy,
但我很确定  我来自...  but I'm pretty sure that I'm from an...
另一个维度  An alternate dimension.
对  Yeah.
你看上去很累  彼得  You look tired, Peter.
我确实很累  Well, I am tired.
老了  厚实了    对  这话我听过了  And older. And thicker.    Yeah. I've heard that already.
天呐  那是运动裤吗  Oh, jeez. Are those sweatpants?
对  就是运动裤  Yup, that's what they are.
我当时在场  彼得被杀的时候  I was there, when it all happened.
我很遗憾  I am so sorry.
你来自哪个维度  And what dimension are you from?
布鲁克林  Brooklyn.
彼得有没有地方让我们再做一个这个  Did Peter have a place where we could make another one of these?
一个小装置  A goober.
跟我来  Follow me.
我也有个这地方  Oh, yeah, I got one of these, too.
一个小破棚子  放我的蜘蛛侠装备  A little, old shed where I keep my Spider  gear.
这地方太浮夸了  I mean, this place is pretentious.
老兄  你的棚子也这样吗  Dude. Was yours anything like this?
我的跟这很像  Mine was like this,
但没有越野车  飞机  but take away the jeep, the plane.
比这小得多  想象这里是个沙发床  Imagine it way smaller. Imagine a futon.
我可怜这家伙  I feel sad for this guy.
彼得  Hey, Peter.
我觉得这是个斗篷  I think this is a cape.
彼得一直清楚这份工作有多危险  Peter knew how dangerous the job was.
但他觉得  唯一一个能阻止这家伙的  But he figured the only one who could stop this guy
就是蜘蛛侠  was Spider  Man.
金并知道我们要来  Kingpin knows we're coming.
我们会寡不敌众的  We're going to be outnumbered.
别太早下结论  Don't be so sure.
你们可能需要这些  You might need these.
你以为只有你们想到要来这儿吗  You think you're the only people who thought to come here?
伙计们  Hey, fellas.
他是黑白画风吗  Is he in black and white?
风是从哪来的  我们可是在地下室  Where's that wind coming from? We're in a basement.
不管我到哪儿  风总是相随  Wherever I go, the wind follows.
而这风  终将幻化成雨  And the wind, it smells like rain.
伙计们  Hi, guys!
这真是不能更诡异了  This could literally not get any weirder.
还真可以  It can get weirder.
我刚洗完手  所以是湿的  I just washed my hands. That's why they're wet.
没别的原因  No other reason.
你跟我一样  You're like me.
蜘猪侠  蜘蛛侠佩妮  暗影蜘蛛侠
我名叫彼得·帕克  My name is Peter Parker.
我名叫佩妮·帕克  My name is Peni Parker.
我名叫彼得·波克  My name is Peter Porker.
我被一只放射性蜘蛛咬了  I was bitten by a radioactive spider.
我被一只放射性的猪咬了  I was bitten by a radioactive pig.
在我的宇宙  现在是1933年  In my universe, it's 1933,
我是个私家侦探  and I'm a private eye.
我喜欢喝蛋蜜乳  I like to drink egg creams,
我喜欢打击纳粹  超喜欢  and I like to fight Nazis. A lot.
我来自3145年的纽约  I'm from New York in the year 3145.
我与一只蜘蛛产生了心灵感应  I have a psychic link with a spider
它住在我爸的机器人里  who lives inside my father's robot.
我们是最好的朋友  永远是  And we're best friends. Forever.
有时我让火柴烧到我的指尖  Sometimes I let matches burn down to my fingertips
只为了有所感觉  什么感觉都行  just to feel something, anything.
我是《每日猎犬报》的摄影师  I'm a photographer for the Daily Beagle.
我不四处拱的时候  When I'm not pooching around,
我像狗一样工作  I'm working like a dog,
试图嗅到最新的消息  trying to sniff out the latest story.
我欢闹  我跳舞  I frolic and I dance
我做这些的时候把裤子...  And I do this with my pants...
好了  够了  Okay! Enough!
你们怎么到这里的  So how did you get here?
说来话长了  Well, it's kind of a long story.
也许没那么长  Maybe not that long.
现在  我们只想找到回家的方法  And now we're just trying to find a way home.
回家的唯一方法就是通过那个对撞机  The only way home is back through that collider gizmo.
唯一的问题是...  The only trouble is...
我们当中得有人留下  毁掉它  One of us has to stay behind and destroy it.
我来  I'll do it.
不不不  你们不明白  No, no, no. You guys don't get it.
不明白什么  Don't get what?
你们谁也不能留下来  否则你们会死的  None of you can stay here. If you stay here, you'll die.
我才是要关掉它的人  I'm the guy who's gonna turn it off.
我会先把你们都送回家  然后再行动  And I'm gonna get you all home before I do.
我许下过承诺  所以一定要履行  Look, I made a promise. So I have to keep it.
再问下你是谁  Who are you again?
他叫迈尔斯  This is Miles.
他会拯救多重宇宙  And he's gonna save the multiverse.
没错  Yeah, man.
这个孩子可以隐身  This kid can turn himself invisible.
瞧好了  他现在就可以  Watch this. He can do it now.
我没办法随意做到    他没办法随意做到  I can't do it on command.    He can't do it on command.
但确实酷  让他们看你发蛛丝  迈尔斯  But it is cool. Show 'em the zappy thing, Miles.
没办法随意做到    他没办法随意做到  Can't do it on command.    He can't do it on command.
但他还有许多本事  你还有什么本事  But he can do so much more, like, what else do you do?
只有那两样    只有那两样  Just those two things.    Just those two things.
天啊  Aw, man.
我看过他行动时的样子  他有潜力  Look, I've seen him in action. He's got potential.
我觉得他能送我们回家  I think he's gonna get us home.
好吧  小家伙  Okay, little fella,
金并会派很多混蛋来追你  Kingpin's gonna send a lot of mugs after ya.
我说的是狠角色  真正的厉害拳手  I'm talkin' hard boys, real biscuit boxers.
你能瞬间把他们都打倒吗  Can you fight them all off at once?
其实我还没和任何人打过架  Well, I haven't actually fought anyone.
突然袭击  Surprise attack!
你能在枪林弹雨中给主机重新布线吗  Can you rewire a mainframe while being shot at?
我能做什么    让我看看  Can I what?    Show me!
突然袭击  Surprise attack!
你能像训练有素的舞者一样摇荡翻转吗  Can you swing and flip with the grace of a trained dancer?
你能封锁自己的感情  免得陷入  Can you close off your feelings so you don't get crippled
因自己的暴力行为导致的道德困境中吗  by the moral ambiguity of your violent actions?
你能帮你婶婶在交友网站写简介  Can you help your aunt create an online dating profile
让她可以偶尔走出这该死的屋子吗  so she can get out of the dang house once in a while?
你能在闻到美味馅饼时  Can you float through the air
飘到空中吗    什么  when you smell a delicious pie?    What?
你够坚强吗    冷酷无情  Can you be strong?    Ruthless?
严于律己    我不知道  可能吧  Disciplined?    I don't know. Maybe.
心灵感应    让我瞧瞧你的胆量  大兵  Psychic?    Show me some moxie, soldier!
最重要的是  不论被打倒多少次  Above all, no matter how many times you get hit,
你都能重新站起来吗  can you get back up?
因为当蜘蛛侠被击倒在地时  'Cause when a Spider  Man is on the floor...
当你感到支撑不下去时...  When you think you can't keep goin'...
快点  迈尔斯    快点  迈尔斯  Come on, Miles.    Come on, Miles.
你可以的    各位冷静点  You can do this.    Guys, cool it.
快起来  你可以的    起来  迈尔斯  Get up, Miles. You can do it!    Get up, Miles.
快点  迈尔斯  快起来  Come on, Miles. Get up.
你得想想清楚  别骗自己了  You need to be more honest with yourself about this.
他没准备好  显而易见  He's not ready. It's obvious.
绝对不可能的  他只是个孩子  There's no way. He's just a kid.
如果他做不了  我们就要留下来替他完成  If he can't do this, we have to stay and do it for him.
我们谈论他的时候  他正看着我们  He's looking right at us while we talk about him.
迈尔斯  迈尔斯  Miles? Miles?
你们看见了吧  他可以...  You see that? He can, um...
他可以隐身  He can turn invisible.
When it gets dark outside
In you I confide
You help me face my demons I won't hide...
迈尔斯  你怎么了  Miles, what is going on with you?
谁都没有你的消息  我们不知道发生了什么  Nobody's heard from you. We don't know what's going on.
如果你有事瞒着我们  你得坦白交代  Look, if you're hidin' something from us, you need to come clean.
给我回电话  马上  You call me back. Now.
他也不接我电话  He's not answering me either.
我是亚伦  我要出城几天  It's Aaron. I'm outta town for a few days.
回来后再打给你  再见  I'll hit you when I'm back. Peace.
亚伦  我是杰夫  Aaron, it's Jeff.
如果你有迈尔斯的消息  一定要打给我  Look, I need you to call me if you've heard from Miles.
他...  He has a...
他喜欢你  而且...  He has a soft spot for you, and...
我们一直没有他的消息  and we haven't heard from him.
你知道如果不重要  我不会联系你的  And you know I wouldn't reach out if this wasn't important.
祝你顺利  Hope you're good.
亲爱的亚伦叔叔  Dear Uncle Aaron.
我得去做件事  但我不知道能不能做到  I gotta do something, and I don't know if I can do it.
我很害怕  I'm scared, man.
我只是厌倦了让所有人失望  I'm just tired of lettin' everybody down.
你是我唯一能倾诉的人  You're the only one I can talk to.
如果你在这里就好了  I just wish you were here.
你好  菲斯克先生  Hello, Mr. Fisk.
我拿到了隧道的监控录像  I've got the security tapes from the tunnel right here.
如果那小孩在的话  我会找到他  If the kid's out there, I'll find him.
你了解我的  先生  我从不放弃  You know me, sir. I don't ever quit.
Personal insanity they gotta like the ally
Turn it up against the rally
You're running in while they're counting
Even score, got the tally knock 'em off at the finale
Go, go! They don't want it, yeah
They don't want it, yeah
这个是...  This is...
紫色    不对  Purple.    No.
蓝色    不对  Blue?    No.
有人有迈尔斯的消息吗  Has anyone heard from Miles?
他只是想理清思绪  我了解那孩子  Look, he's just clearing his head. I know the kid.
他拥有足够的能力  He's got what it takes.
我和你打赌  他回来的时候  会充满活力  I bet you he's gonna come back through that door,
斗志满满地走进这扇门  recharged and ready to fight.
我叔叔    你去哪了  My uncle.    Hey, where have you been?
我叔叔亚伦  他是...  他是徘徊者  My uncle Aaron, he's... he's the Prowler.
慢点  别着急    他为金并工作  Slow down, slow down.    He... he works for Kingpin.
他想杀了我  He tried to kill me!
这硬核故事倒是挺新鲜啊  This is a pretty hard  core origin story.
没事的  没事的  我们会解决的  It's okay. It's okay. We're gonna figure it out.
你被跟踪了吗    我觉得没有吧  Were you followed?    No, I... I don't think so.
可爱的家  很温馨    好了  是小维  Cute place. Real homey.    Oh, great. It's Liv.
看来我被跟踪了  I guess I was followed.
不好  Oh, no.
快离开这里  孩子  Get out of here, kid.
你惹上大麻烦了  孩子  可太粗心大意了  You messed up bigtime, kid. Very sloppy.
瞧瞧这些小蜘蛛  翻译自西班牙语
我来猜猜  你是蝎子  我们是蜘蛛帮  Let me guess. You're Scorpion. Well, we're the Spider gang.
你们可以移步到屋外吗  Would you mind taking this outside?
我们不挑舞厅  只管跳舞就好  We don't pick the ballroom, we just dance.
我觉得我要拿走那个  I think I'll be taking that.
站起来小鬼  来吧  受死吧  Stand, niñito, dale. Prepárate a morir.
天啊  这些破枕头  Man, stupid pillows.
我说了  去外面打  I said, take it outside!
我拿到了  I got it!
我来处理  伙计  别碰那孩子  I got this, buddy. Leave the kid alone!
不  不要  No, no, no! No!
你得离开  You gotta go, man.
区域内各单位  All vehicles in the area,
发生一起多名蜘蛛人参与的骚乱  we have a disturbance involving multiple Spiderpeople?
好的  我过去  Yeah. On my way.
把那玩意给我  Give me that thing.
别犯傻  孩子  快交出来  Don't be stupid, kid. Hand it over, now!
无处可逃了  Nowhere left to run.
迈尔斯  Miles?
亚伦叔叔  Uncle Aaron.
不  不  不  Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
求你了  亚伦叔叔  Please, Uncle Aaron.
徘徊者  Prowler.
你还在等什么  干掉他  What are you waitin' for? Finish it.
快离开这里  Get out of here!
不要  No.
迈尔斯  Miles.
亚伦叔叔  Uncle Aaron.
这是我的错  This is my fault.
不  迈尔斯  No, Miles.
我很抱歉  I'm sorry.
我想让你以我为榜样  I wanted you to look up to me.
我让你失望  让你失望了  I let you down, man. I let you down.
你是我们当中最优秀的那个  迈尔斯  You're the best of all of us, Miles.
你已踏上你的征程  You're on your way.
只要...  Just...
只要走下去就好  Just keep going.
只要走下去就好  Just keep going.
举起手来  Hands up!
把手举起来  快点  Put your arms up. Now!
转身  Turn around.
亚伦  不  不要  Aaron, no. No!
各单位  All units.
我要对一名新出现的蜘蛛侠发布全境通告  I want an APB on a new Spider  Man.
前程
伙计  Hey, bud.
你还好吗  You okay?
我们都经历过  对我来说  We've all been there. You know, for me,
对我来说  是本叔叔  for me, it was my Uncle Ben.
对我来说  是本杰明叔叔  For me, it was my Uncle Benjamin.
对我来说  是我父亲  For me, it was my father.
对我来说  是我最好的朋友  For me, it was my best friend.
迈尔斯  这份职责中最艰难的就是  Miles, the hardest thing about this job is
你无法总是拯救所有人  you can't always save everybody.
这是我的错  你们不会明白  Look, it was my fault. You wouldn't understand.
迈尔斯  我们大概是唯一能理解你的人  Miles, we're probably the only ones who do understand.
不好  Oh, no.
Who in here trying to start a riot?
往那边  往那边  That way, that way.
另一边  另一边  另一边  Other way, other way, other way, other way.
Who that swinging in the air?
你好啊  Hey there.
这个维度里动物能说话吗  Do animals talk in this dimension?
因为我不想吓坏他  'Cause I don't wanna freak him out.
Let's stand up, stand up you better just fix your...
怎么了  What's going on?
再见  迈尔斯  Bye, Miles.
迈尔斯  我是来道别的  Miles, I came to say goodbye.
我们可以在对撞机道别  We can say goodbye at the collider.
你还没明白  你要留在这里  You're not getting it. You're staying here.
我必须要去那里  这样你们才能回家  I need to be there. So you can all go home.
他们是要回家  迈尔斯  只有我留下来  They are going home, Miles. I'm the only one stayin'.
你要代替我  你留下来就会死  You're taking my place? If you stay here, you'll die.
我是在完成必须要做的事  I'm doing what needs to be done.
我只是想让你听我说  I just wanted you to hear it from me.
那玛丽·简呢  What about MJ?
不是万事都能圆满  孩子  Not everything works out, kid.
我要那个小装置  I need the goober.
别逼我动手抢  Please don't make me take it from you.
这不公平  That's not fair!
你得告诉他们我可以的  You gotta tell them I can do this.
这不是他们的决定  It wasn't their decision.
我要让金并血债血偿  I gotta make Kingpin pay!
你必须让我来逼他血债血偿  You have to let me make him pay!
迈尔斯  你会害死你自己的  Miles, you're gonna get yourself killed.
但我准备好了  我保证  But I'm ready. I promise!
那现在就用毒液攻击我  Then venom  strike me right now.
或者我叫你隐身你就隐身  这样才能过我这关  Or turn invisible on command so you can get past me.
我明白你有多想做这件事  孩子  Look, I know how much you want this, kid.
可怜的小家伙  Poor little guy.
但你还没准备好  But you don't have it yet.
很抱歉  I'm sorry.
我什么时候能知道自己准备好了  When will I know I'm ready?
你没法知道  那是一次信心的飞跃  You won't. It's a leap of faith.
就这样  迈尔斯  That's all it is, Miles.
信仰之跃  A leap of faith.
迈尔斯  Miles.
迈尔斯  我是老爸  Miles, it's your dad.
拜托开开门  Please open the door.
迈尔斯  我能看见你的影子动来动去  Miles, I can see your shadow movin' around.
好吧  我明白  你还是不睬我  Yeah, okay, I get it. I get it. You're still ignoring me.
我们能聊聊吗  Look, can we talk for a minute?
出事了...  Something...
那谁出事了...  Something happened to...
有时候人们会渐行渐远  迈尔斯  Look, sometimes people drift apart, Miles.
我不希望我们之间也是如此  好吗  And I don't want that to happen to us, okay?
我知道我没有在你需要时  做该做的事  I know I don't always do what you need me to do
说该说的话  但我...  or say what you need me to say. But I'm...
我在你身上看到了闪光  太棒了  I see this spark in you. It's amazing.
所以我才给你压力  但是...  It's why I push you. But...
这都是属于你的  it's yours.
不管你如何选择  你都会很棒的  Whatever you choose to do with it, you'll be great.
有时间就打给我  好吗  Look, call me when you can. Okay?
我爱你  I love you.
不过你不用也跟我说爱我  You don't have to say it back, though.
我闭眼都可以时速200英里  200 miles per hour with a blindfold on
妈妈经常问我：我哪里做错了？  Mama always asking "Where did I go wrong?"
你可真够慢的了  Took you long enough.
想打一架吗，混蛋  Ah, what's up, danger?
我在你身上看到了闪光  太棒了  I see this spark in you. It's amazing.
不管你如何选择  你都会很棒的  Whatever you choose to do with it, you'll be great.
我们家的人从来不逃避  Our family doesn't run from things.
你是我们当中最优秀的那个  迈尔斯  You're the best of all of us, Miles.
你已踏上你的征程  You're on your way.
只要走下去就好  Just keep going.
我什么时候能知道我成为了蜘蛛侠  When do I know I'm Spider  Man?
你没法知道  You won't.
就这样  迈尔斯  That's all it is, Miles.
信仰之跃  A leap of faith.
想打一架吗，混蛋  Like, what's up, danger?
想打一架吗，混蛋  Like, what's up, danger?
想打一架吗，混蛋  Like, what's up, danger?
想打一架吗，混蛋  Like, what's up, danger?
我自己做的  Made 'em myself.
完全适合你  They fit perfectly.
我势不可挡   跋涉200英里  Can't stop me now     Traveled 200 miles
敲响你的门   我压根不在意  I'm knockin' at your door and I don't really care
是不是你做的好事    我说我逮到你了  If you ain't done wrong     I said I got you now
我说快点，想打一架吗，混蛋  Come on, what's up, danger?
别置身事外了  Don't be a stranger
我现在就站在你家门口  I'm right here at your door
我不会空手而归  I won't leave, I want more
想打一架吗，混蛋  What's up, danger?
想打一架吗，混蛋  Yeah, what's up, danger?
我所向披靡  Can't stop me now
我喜欢胜负未知的挑战  'Cause I like high G's Sister, I might lose
我喜欢游走在危机边缘的感觉  I like it all on the edge just like you, hey
我喜欢高楼大厦因为我可以从上面一跃而下  I like tall buildings so I can leap off of 'em
无论前方的路有多黑暗我都会勇往直前  I go hard with it no matter how dark it is
我说快点  想打一架吗 混蛋  Come on, what's up, danger?
金并从他的顶层套房到下面的对撞机  Kingpin has a private elevator entrance
有一条私人电梯通道  from his penthouse to the collider below.
没想到还会有观众  Didn't count on having an audience.
有没有搞错  You gotta be kidding me.
谢谢大家  很高兴今晚和各位一起  Thank you. It's nice to be with you this evening
纪念蜘蛛侠  to celebrate Spider  Man.
他曾和我亲密无间  他总是...  He and I were very close. He's always a...
真是头猪    我在这里呢  What a pig.    I'm right here.
等会  仔细瞧瞧侍者们的穿着  Hold on. Get a load of how the waiters are dressed.
品味挺差的  但是...  It's in poor taste, but...
不可能这么简单  It can't be that easy.
就是这么简单  It's that easy.
我想感谢玛丽·简·帕克  I just wanna thank Mary Jane Parker
今晚出席  for being here this evening.
玛丽·简  MJ?
专心点  Pay attention.
那不是你的玛丽·简好吗  彼得  It's not your MJ, Peter, okay?
抱歉  我马上回来  I'm sorry, I'll be right back.
彼得  过来  相信我  Peter! Come here. Trust me.
我也经历过  你得向前看  伙计  I've been there. You gotta move on, buddy.
只要一会就好  让我...  It will take one second. Let me just...
你好  Hello.
我想请问可不可以给12号桌再加点面包  I just wondered if we could have some more bread at table 12.
好的  Yeah.
我...  真的很抱歉  I'm just... I'm really sorry.
不用抱歉  只是面包而已  Don't be sorry. It's just bread.
在你需要我时  我没有出现  I wasn't there for you when you needed me.
我试都没试  I didn't even try.
没关系  我得先走了  That's fine. You know, I should really get going.
我知道我可以做得更好  I know I could do better
如果再有一次机会能让我给你...  if I just had another chance to give you, uh...
你应得的面包就好了  the bread that you deserve.
你没事吧  Are you okay?
女士  我们马上就准备面包  Ma'am, we'll take care of that bread right now.
很高兴和你聊天  Well, it's been nice talking to you.
他们应该为你准备好一屋子的新鲜面包  For you, they should fill this place up with fresh bread.
你没事吧  哥们    我能有什么事  You all right, man?    Oh, yeah. Totally.
很好  我们没空管面包的事  Good, 'cause we are not getting any bread.
我很遗憾  我的家人无法看到今晚的盛况  I'm just sorry my family can't see what we're doing here tonight.
初始化初级点火序列  Initializing primary ignition sequence.
睡吧  Sleep.
启动序列  Start the sequence.
上传凡妮莎·菲斯克以及理查德·菲斯克的基因序列  Uploading Vanessa Fisk and Richard Fisk DNA sequence.
开始扫描维度匹配  Beginning scan for dimensional matches.
二级点火倒计时  五  四  Secondary ignition in five, four,
三  二  一  three, two, one.
彼得  你不一定要留下来  让我来  Peter, you don't have to stay behind. I can do it.
我没事  It's okay.
我已经决定了  I've made up my mind.
我会把小装置插进去  控制射线  I'll put the goober in and take over the beam.
等你们都回去之后  我就炸了它  After you're gone, I'll blow it up.
祝你们好运  伙计们  Good luck, guys.
他们知道我们在这  They know we're here.
很高兴再次遇见你  彼得  Nice to see you again, Peter.
我来掩护你  I got you covered!
这群人真碍事  These guys are the pits.
怎么老是这么麻烦  Why is this always difficult?
你要去哪啊  彼得  Where you going, Peter?
有什么遗言吗  Any last words?
给我一点时间好好想想  你有笔吗  Can I get a minute to think about it? You have a pen?
再见了  彼得·帕克  Goodbye, Peter Parker.
是谁  Who did that?!
迈尔斯    蜘蛛侠  Miles?    Spider  Man?
迈尔斯  你可以控制自己了  Wow, Miles. You're doing it on command!
也该是时候了  对吧  It's about time, right?
迈尔斯    看看谁来了  Miles!    Look who's here!
你做到了  You figured it out.
我爱你  我真为你感到骄傲  I love you! I am so proud of you!
我好像想要孩子了  Do I want kids?
对了  差点把她忘了  Oh, yeah, I forgot about her.
情况看起来不太乐观啊  Well, that doesn't look promising.
谁说不是呢  No, it doesn't.
我找到基因匹配了  等等  I've got genetic matches. Hold on.
太冒险了  It's too risky.
闭嘴  快打开  Shut up and turn it up.
注意左边    右边  On your left!    On your right!
五点钟方向  三点钟方向  两点钟方向  I got five o'clock! Three o'clock! Two o'clock!
所有方向  Every direction!
快去找避难处  我马上过去  Get to a shelter. I'll be right there.
我给学校打电话了  但是打不通  I tried the school, but I can't get through.
伙计们  你们看到了吗  Guys, are you seeing this?
看起来我们的维度正在向我们涌来  Looks like our dimensions are coming to us.
但是还挺帅的  是吧  Does look cool though, right?
我们要回到上面去  We gotta get back up there.
你就只有这点本事吗  Is that all you got?
你会打架还是只会耍嘴皮子  You gonna fight or you just bumping gums?
你个作妖的老王八  You hard  boiled turtle slapper!
你是什么玩意儿  愚蠢的卡通人物吗  What are you, some kind of silly cartoon?
你对卡通人物有什么意见吗  You got a problem with cartoons?
受死吧  Blammo!
还敢小看卡通人物吗  Did that feel like a cartoon?
格温  Gwen!
我喜欢你的战服  I like your suit.
谢谢  我自己做的  Thanks. I made it myself.
真有爱  伙计们  抓稳了  That was adorable, team! Now, hold on tight!
做好准备  这将是一场恶战  Buckle up, guys. This is gonna take a while.
好吧  当我没说  All right. Never mind.
让我们做个了断吧  Let's end this thing.
伙计们  交给我吧  Guys, I got it.
我来吧  它还在我这  I'll go. I'm the one with the goo...
你一定在逗我  Oh, you gotta be kidding me.
别光注意嘴  要注意手  Don't watch the mouth. Watch the hands.
迈尔斯    小心  Miles!    Be careful!
太爽了吧  That was crazy.
这是我们的教学成果  对吧  We taught him that, right?
不是我教的  也肯定不是你  I didn't teach him that. And you definitely didn't.
你还好吗  You okay?
走吧  Come on.
伙计们  我控制住射线了  你们快上来  Guys, I got control of the beam! Get up here!
警告  量子极性正在逆转  Alert! Quantum polarity has been reversed.
看来就是现在了  Guess this is it.
知道我们不孤单  真好  Well, nice to know we're not alone.
对吧    是呀  Right?    Yeah.
传送门打开了  你先走  佩妮  I got the portal open. You first, Peni.
谢谢你  迈尔斯  Thank you, Miles.
我们俩都感谢你  From both of us.
我爱你们所有人  I, uh, love you all.
我把这个魔方带走了  I'm taking this cube thing with me.
虽然我还不明白  I don't understand it.
但是我一定能搞懂  But I will.
我想把这个送给你  I want you to have this.
放进口袋里应该很合适  It'll fit in your pocket.
完结了  伙计们  That's all, folks.
他可以这么说吗  不算侵权吗  Is he allowed to say that, legally?
我现在能说我喜欢你的发型了吗  Do I get to like the hairdo now?
你知道我比你大吧  You know I'm older than you.
虽然只有十五个月  但是对我来说还挺重要的  15 months, but it's pretty significant if you ask me.
爱因斯坦说过时间是相对的  对吧  Well, Einstein said time was relative, right?
好吧  Nice.
我们是朋友吧  Friends?
是的  Friends.
太好了  Cool.
再见了  蜘蛛侠  See you around, Spider  Man.
该你了  Your turn.
对  对  Yeah, yeah. Right.
你们哪也去不了  You're not going anywhere!
我来拖住他  你把设备关掉  I'll hold him off. You shut this down.
彼得  这和计划不一样  Peter, that wasn't the deal!
按绿色的键  不用等我  Push the green button! Do not wait for me!
你在干什么    彼得  你要回去  What are you doing?    Peter, you gotta go home!
这家伙会杀了你的  我不能让蜘蛛侠牺牲  This guy could kill you! I can't let Spider  Man die.
我也不能  Neither can I.
没事的  It's okay.
是没事  Yeah, it is okay.
你要回去  伙计  You gotta go home, man.
我怎么知道我会不会再搞砸一次  How do I know I'm not gonna mess it up again?
你不会的  You won't.
好吧  Right.
这是一次信心的飞跃  It's a leap of faith.
不错嘛  小子  Not bad, kid.
金并  Kingpin!
不行  Nope!
抱歉  这可是作弊  Sorry! That's cheating.
再见啦  Adiós.
我得到按钮那边去  I gotta get to that button.
不  Oh, no.
单枪匹马可不容易吧  Not so easy doing it on your own, is it?
我已经迫不及待再杀一个蜘蛛侠了  I can't wait to kill one more Spider  Man.
我在哪    什么  Where am I?    What?
威尔逊  Wilson?
难道这就是你想要的吗    你在干什么  Is this what you want, man?    What are you doing?
凡妮莎  凡妮莎  Vanessa. Vanessa.
我们怎么在这    我不知道  理查德  What are we doing here?    I don't know, Richard.
是我啊  你们认识我的  It's me. You know me.
我们这就走  We're leaving now.
别走  Don't go.
别离开我  Stay with me.
求求你们  Please!
你不能阻止我的计划  绝对不行  You're not stopping this. Not today.
我就要阻止你  现在就要  I am stopping this. Right now!
我需要后援  I need backup.
加油啊  Come on.
真正的蜘蛛侠都不能打败我  The real Spider  Man couldn't even beat me.
你算什么东西  You're nothing!
你夺走了我的家庭  You took my family.
我要让你也家破人亡  And now I'm gonna make sure you never see yours again.
站起来  蜘蛛侠  Get up, Spider  Man.
站起来  挺住  Get up! Come on!
站起来  坚持住啊  Come on. Come on. Come on.
我的家人会一直支持我  I'll always have my family.
你听说过肩咚吗  You ever hear of the shoulder touch?
什么  What?
金并  帮我按下绿色的按钮  Hey, Kingpin! Push the green button for me!
迈尔斯  迈尔斯  你还好吗  Miles? Miles? Are you okay?
我没事  Yeah, I'm okay.
你可能在忙  You're probably busy...
没有没有  我可以说话  No! I can talk, I can talk.
我之前去找你  是因为  Look, so I came by earlier because...
你叔叔...    我知道的  Your uncle...    I know, Dad.
我很抱歉  I am so sorry.
没事  Yeah.
你知道凶手是谁吗  Do you know who did it?
我以为我知道  I thought I did.
但是我想错了  But I was wrong.
迈尔斯  我在你房间外面说的话  Look, Miles, what I said at the door,
不只是说说而已  it wasn't just talk.
我是这么想的  我们可以找一面合适的墙  Look, you know, I was thinking maybe we could find a nice wall,
非公产  警局的墙就可以    好了  爸  privately owned, like at the police station,    Ok, dad.
好    你可以尽情发挥你的才艺  Alright.    and you could "throw up" some of your art.
天  我真是太不擅长了  Man, I'm bad at this.
迈尔斯  迈尔斯  你还在吗  Okay, Miles. Miles? You there?
这什么鬼信号  Oh, come on, man. C  Mobile!
警官    蜘蛛侠  Officer.    Spider  Man!
听着  刚才真的是  Listen, down there, that was...
我欠你...  I mean, I owe you...
好吧  Okay!
我很期待跟你共事  I look forward to workin' with you.
我也是吧  Yeah, me, too. I guess.
虽然我不赞同你的方式  I don't approve of your methods,
但是我们要求同存异嘛  but we're just gonna have to agree to disagree.
感谢你今晚的勇敢举动  Thank you for your bravery tonight.
我爱你  I love you.
等等  你说什么  Wait, what?
看你身后  And look behind you!
你的友善街坊蜘蛛侠敬上
好吧  太酷了  All right. Cool. Yeah.
谢谢你  蜘蛛侠  Thanks, Spider  Man.
蜘蛛侠  乐意为您效劳  谢谢  Spider  Man, a su servicio. Thank you.
伙计  你好吗  小伙子  Hey, man. What's up, little man?
新任蜘蛛侠  New Spider  Man.
没错没错  我是新任蜘蛛侠  Yeah. Yeah, I'm the new Spider  Man.
看好了  Check it out.
刚才那是计划好的动作  That was part of the move.
好了  我们再最后说一次  Okay, let's do this one last time, yeah?
这次是真的最后一次了  For real this time. This is it.
我叫迈尔斯·莫拉莱斯  My name is Miles Morales.
我被一只放射性蜘蛛咬了  I was bitten by a radioactive spider.
两天了  And for like two days,
我做独一无二的蜘蛛侠已经两天了  I've been the one and only Spider  Man.
其他的你应该都知道了  I think you know the rest.
我完成了论文  I finished my essay.
救了好多人  Saved a bunch of people.
被无人机撞  Got hit by a drone.
跟我爸一起完成了这个  I did this with my dad.
终于见到了我的室友  Met my roommate. Finally.
在我爸永远找不到的地方贴贴纸  Slapped a sticker where my dad's never gonna find it.
当我感到孤单的时候  And when I feel alone,
比如我觉得没人理解我的时候  like no one understands what I'm going through,
我会想起那些理解我的朋友们  I remember my friends who get it.
我原来从没想过  这些事我竟然能做到  I never thought I'd be able to do any of this stuff.
但是我做到了  But I can.
谁都可以戴面具  Anyone can wear the mask.
你也可以戴面具  You could wear the mask.
如果你以前不知道  我希望你现在知道了  If you didn't know that before, I hope you do now.
因为我是蜘蛛侠  'Cause I'm Spider  Man.
而且不是唯一一个  And I'm not the only one.
一定不是  Not by a long shot.
Needless to say I keep her in check
She was all bad  bad nevertheless
Callin' it quits now baby, I'm a wreck...
迈尔斯  迈尔斯  Miles. Miles!
有时间吗  You got a minute?
Stepped out of my zone
I had to get out all alone
And figure it out on my own
And I know what I really want now
Can't stop me can't break me
What don't kill me gon' make me
Shoot for the stars no safety
And now I see clear in HD
Gotta go hard     Gotta go hard
I ain't got time to waste     I ain't got time
I gotta go high     Gotta go high
I gotta elevate     I gotta elevate
They wanna fight     They wanna fight
I'm just gon' let 'em hate     I'm just gon' let 'em hate
I gotta go high     Gotta go high
I gotta elevate     I gotta elevate
You gotta choose a side you gotta choose a side
You better keep you better do what's right
Or you gonna lose the fight
You gonna     Gotta go hard
Gotta choose a side
I'm gonna elevate
You better     Gotta go high
You better do what's right     I gotta elevate
Heroes never die
I'm a web slinger to a gunslinger
No millimeter this is my arena
I'm the black widow with the best stinger
And I'll make you scream like a bad singer
I'm everything that you wanna be plus more
Since there's no heroes anymore
Jump out the window him with the mask on
Who the bad man that our man gotta bash on?
Oh, we'll never link up blink and you will see us
Young prince 'bout to ink up see me in the NYC
You can never swing by me
Oh, we'll never link up blink and you will see us
Young prince 'bout to ink up see me in the NYC
Home of the B.I.G., yo
They just slander me I just plan to be
Something powerful for my family
Tried to balance life and my sanity
Show a different side of humanity
So amazing, keep upraising
Save you from a home invasion
Chasing robbers from the bank
You facing friendly neighborhood Spider  Man
Gotta go hard
I ain't got time to waste     I ain't got time
I gotta go high     Gotta go high
I gotta elevate     I gotta elevate
They wanna fight     They wanna fight
I'm just gon' let 'em hate     I'm just gon' let 'em hate
I gotta go high     Gotta go high
I gotta elevate     I gotta elevate
Okay, I fight crime through the nighttime
When the lights shine I go python
I'm falling on my last lifeline
There's no way in my right mind
My city up on my back tight
How can I possibly act right?
I'm Robin Hood I'm the black knight
I know you heard 'bout my last fight
'Cause I win over and over again
Battling evil I'm hoping to win
Fighting my demons I'm nice for a reason
Enticed with the bleeding I'm showing my sins
How can you expect me to stay sane?
Protect me my technique go X speed
On highways and Jet Skis
Look, I ain't got no time to be hanging around nobody
Trying to figure out if they good or evil
I'm fighting the crime saving your lives
One at a time I'm killing the rhymes
I do it for the people
I'm Peter Parker running through The Six
With a bag full of tricks you better choose a side
I can promise you I will not lose this time
I did it all independent now we winning
I got my homeys cooking in the kitchen
We gon' have to win and give us the business
The world is mine and you gon' have to pay me attention
I did everything that I did on my own
I'm the only one for real there can never be a clone
Better talk to me nice better watch your tone
And I'm putting on for my home slice
So I gotta go hard
I gotta elevate
蜘蛛侠  平行宇宙
"出于道义帮助别人  这样的人无疑是真正的超级英雄"  ——斯坦·李
感谢斯坦·李和史蒂夫·迪特科  你们让我们知道自己不孤单
We are the way up
We are the way up
We are the way up
We are the way up
I went from boy to a man, why?
Officer sure had to stand down
But I had to make a perfect plan
I'm on a wave     Brave, brave
I had to fight for the city
For the city
I had to fight for people     For the people
You gotta do what all leaders do, go
Everyone here we been needing you
I know you can be a hero 'cause I seen you do it
This is the time we needed you
Everyone is here to see you move
We want it, we want it, we want it, we want it
We put our wallet away     Wallet
And every time each one of you
Through the city you were saving the day, go
We are the way up
We are the way up
We are the way up
We are the way up
We gotta fight for the town, town
Now there's no feelings allowed, allowed
Everyone cheer in the crowd
Bought 'em so well I'm over the clouds
We gotta fight for the city     City
Competition was lethal     Lethal
Honestly, it's no biggie     Biggie
I had to do what all leaders do
Uh  oh they don't want it, man
Uh  oh they don't wanna know
Promise, uh  oh they don't want it, man
Uh  oh they don't wanna know
Promise, uh  oh they don't want it, man
Uh  oh, they can't handle my powers
They always hate on us
But they can't do it without us
We gotta clean up these city streets
We don't accept defeat     'Feat
We keep on going until we win
All of 'em weak in the knees
Scary how lights when they freeze
Well, we keep on going until we win
We are the way up
We are the way up
We are the way up
We are the way up
Well
This morning I woke up
In a fortress of distortion
I'm at war with my emotions
I'm at war with they enforce me
Trying to fight for what's right, and got sidetracked
Where your mind at? Never mind that
Got me thinking a blink you swim and you sinking
You wouldn't, you leave me here for my loaded weapon
I still owe my brother my present protection
My prayer, my sights so I'm doing what's right
And I ask you no questions
I wanna be home  free
Where's one that was lonely
But I'm ready and waiting
For my day of salvation and I'm patient
I'm coming home, now
I'm coming home
My rebel lone yell
My rebel lone
They looking for saviors I'm looking for safety
They never gonna break me take me
Down on my knees, believe
I'm never gonna beg or plead
I never say never but I guarantee
Gather my strength goin' hard in the paint
Paint some more pictures put on display
I'm a get they don't get them my check
Can't take me down now
My feet on the ground now
Punchin' 'em on down now
Say it out loud now
Say it out loud are you ready for war?
I'm coming home now
I'm coming home
My rebel lone yell
My rebel lone
Oh, Spidey  bells Spidey  bells
Swinging through midtown
Oh, what fun to sling a web
And take the bad guys down
Spidey  bells, Spidey  bells
Quipping all the time
Oh, what fun to swing around
New York while fighting crime
Swinging through the streets
On a web of spider silk
Kicking all the butts
Of villains and their ilk
Bombs from Goblins fling fling
Pumpkins blooming bright bright
How hard it is to consistently bring
Peace to New York all night
Oh, Spidey  bells might be swell
To do more than fight crime
I got a lot of qualities that don't get much airtime
I can sing, I can dance I tell jokes, I act
I get big, big, big deal
If my agent called me back
Why did I agree
To do this stupid song?
I have a degree
In chemical engineering
与此同时  纽约
你迟到了  You're a bit late.
我们又没有分身术  We can't all be everywhere at once.
至少发个短信告诉我一下吧  Little text might've been nice.
我才离开了不到两个小时  怎么了  I was gone for less than two hours. What happened?
我知道这看起来像是什么情况  Okay. I know what it looks like.
但是有个好消息    说吧  But here's the good news.    Oh, here we go.
平行宇宙依然存在  The multiverse didn't collapse.
太棒了    虽然有点小冒险  Oh, cool!    Little touch and go.
但是我们做到了  But it worked out.
太好了  小装置做好了吗  Great story. Did you finish the goober?
这不是什么小装置  是小发明  It's not a goober. It's a gizmo.
你一定要把我叫出来吗  Do you always have to call me out?
让我感觉很烦  It's just really frustrating and bums me out.
别太激动  米圭尔  Don't get excited, Miguel.
这只是原型机    我不激动  It's just a prototype.    Not excited.
但是你可以成为第一个  But you could be the first person
自主穿越平行宇宙的人  to make an autonomous multiverse jump.
也可能是最后一个  Or the last.
我们就这么赌一把  So we're just gonna roll the dice on this?
你怎么看  哥们  你想先去哪  So, what you do you say, pal? Where you want to go first?
我们最后一次从头开始吧  Let's start at the beginning one last time.
1967年  地球  Earth '67.
搞什么  What the...?
我是蜘蛛侠  I'm Spider  Man.
你应该跟我来    你到底是谁  I need you to come with me.    Who the heck are you?
我刚刚不是说了吗  听着  我来自未来  I just told you... Listen. I'm from the future.
你竟敢这么指着我    你先指我的  How dare you point at me!    You were pointing first.
指着别人很失礼    你太失礼了  It's rude to point.    You're being very rude.
哪一个先指的  Which one pointed first?
显然是蜘蛛侠先指的  Spider  Man pointed first. Obviously.
你现在就在指着我    我没有  You're pointing at me right now.    I'm not pointing.
你看看你自己  看看你的手指头  Look at you! Look at your finger.
我是在给你看  你在指我  这不一样  I'm pointing out your pointing, which is different.
你没看到我在指你  You haven't seen pointing.
你现在这样还怪我指着你  You're accusing me of pointing while you're...!
全剧终

