小王子
在我六岁的时候  Once, when I was six years old,
读到过一本讲原始森林的书  I read a book about the primeval forest.
书里说  The book said,
蟒蛇会把猎物整只吞下  "Boa constrictors swallow their prey whole,"
嚼都不嚼  "without chewing it."
我深深地思考后  I pondered this deeply.
画了我人生中的第一幅画  And then, I made my first drawing.
我把我的大作拿给大人们看  I showed my masterpiece to grown  ups
问他们害怕不害怕  and asked if the drawing frightened them.
害怕？  Frightened?
有谁会害怕一顶帽子  Why should anyone be frightened of a hat?
这些大人们  Grown  ups.
靠他们自己什么都搞不懂  They never understand anything by themselves.
所以我又画了一幅  So, I made another drawing.
唉 我建议你还是专心学算术吧  Geez. My advice is stick to arithmetic.
学历史    学语文  History.    And grammar.
我听了他们的话  I took their advice
然后 我长大了  and I grew up.
我忘记了所有孩童时期的感受  I forgot all about being a child
直到有一天 神奇的事情发生了  until something miraculous happened.
其实我一直很想找个人分享这个故事 只是  I've always wanted to find someone to share this story with, but...
我说不上来  I don't know...
也许这个世界太像大人 太过成熟了  I guess this world just... got too grown  up.
早上好 今天头等大事  Good morning, in matters of consequence today,
数字经过整理 计算再计算  figures were managed, counted and...
破纪录的数字 被写到纸上  Record  breaking numbers were written down on pieces of paper,
送到银行 放到抽屉里面 再用钥匙锁好  taken to the bank, placed in the drawers and locked with keys.
抬头挺胸  Back straight.
专心听讲  Listening attentively.
专心  Listening.
没事别眨眼睛  No excessive blinking.
专心听讲  Listening.
让我受宠若惊  Unexpected praise.
明白了 十分感谢  Acknowledge and "Thank you."
现在笑一笑 宝贝 露出牙齿  It's a smile, sweetie. Show your teeth.
别露太多  Not too much.
很好  Good.
好了 记住一点  OK, now remember,
投票调查和历史数据显示  exit polling and historical data tell us
当考官们倾向录取你时  if the panel is leaning toward acceptance,
他们就会问 那个问题  they will ask only one question.
终极问题  The big question.
你具备上沃思学院的潜质吗  Are you Werth Academy material?
是的 我有  Yes, I am.
三件事证明我有上沃思学院的潜质  Three things make me Werth Academy material...
零一七号  Zero One Seven?
走吧  Go on.
我们看了你的申请资料 不错  We've reviewed your application. Good.
谢谢您  Thank you!
我们看了你的成绩单  We've reviewed your transcripts.
谢 谢谢您  Thank... you.
我们看了你的小论文  We've read your essay,
零对最终结果的变革力量  "The Transformative Power of Zero on the Bottom Line"
和后续的《零依旧很灵》  and the follow  up, "Zero, Still My Hero".
不错 你做的很好  Yes, you've done your work.
各方面都很完美  Everything looks to be in place.
最后我们再问你一个问题  We will ask you just one question today.
终极问题  The big question!
你具备上沃思学院的潜质吗  "Are you Werth Academy material?"
长大以后 你想要做什么  What will you be when you grow up?
是的 我有  Yes, I am.
三件事证明我有上沃思的潜质  Three things make me Werth Academy material.
不 不  No. No.
第一 像沃思一样 我非常理性  One, like Werth, I am sensible.
第二 像沃思一样 我非常认真  Two, like Werth, I am serious.
快停下    第三  Stop!    Three...
像 沃思  like Werth...
我 坚持  my unwavering...
快停下 快停下  Abort. Abort.
不移的  concern with...
信念  faith...
谢谢您  Thank you.
宝贝  Sweetie!
看样子 他们把终极问题改了  Apparently, they changed the big question.
抱歉 妈妈  I'm sorry, Mom.
不要抱歉  Don't be.
只是我们必须改用B计划了  We're just gonna have to go to Plan B.
B计划？  B?
你说过备用计划是天方夜谭  You said Plan B was impossible!
所以我们才用了A计划  That's why we went with Plan A.
B计划就是新的A计划  Plan B is the new Plan A.
我们要不断前进  We're moving forward!
划定学区范围 搞定  Neighbourhood identified. Check.
如果奇迹出现  If by some miracle
我们在这个学区 能找到一栋不太贵的房子  we can find a house in the neighborhood we can afford,
学校就只能收你入学了  they have to take you.
出售房屋  降价
确认 确认  Check. Check.
搞定  Check.
搬家车 搞定  Moving truck, check.
全球  搬运
暑假的第一天
正经严肃人士的头等大事 桥牌 高尔夫 政治  Matters of consequence for the serious and sensible man who...
我们成功了  We did it!
不管他们想不想收你 你都要去沃思学院啦  You're going to Werth Academy whether they want you or not.
不管火山是死是活 对于我们来说都是一样  Volcanoes are extinct or alive, it comes to the same thing for us.
人们永远不会对现状感到满足  No one is ever satisfied where he is, or pursuing nothing...
我们的新家 搞定  Our new home. Check.
现在 还能换C计划么  Is it too late for a Plan C?
你要时刻提醒自己  Just keep reminding yourself:
因为有那栋房子 我们才能买得起这栋房子  that house made this house available,
你才能有光明的未来  and made your future possible.
妈妈  Mom?
你真觉得我具备 上沃思的潜质么  Do you really think I'm Werth Academy material?
过完这个暑假你就具备了  You will be by the end of the summer
因为我为你制定了一个计划  bacause I've designed a plan.
真准时  Right on time.
这个计划叫 你的人生大计  I call it your life plan.
我的人生大计  My life plan?
人生大计  Life plan.
我们要把命运掌握在自己手里  We're not leaving anything to chance.
要做的都在这儿  Everything's here.
从上到下 从左到右  Oriented top to bottom. Left to right.
现在我们来看一下  Let's take a closer look.
从每一分钟到每一小时  The minute of the hour, hour of the day,
每一天 每一星期 每个月  day of the week, week of the month, month of the year,
每一年 到你的这一生  the year of your life.
都有了 懂了吗  Everything! Got it?
连你每年的的生日礼物 都有一张计划表  It's even got a chart for all your birthday gifts.
比如今年你九岁 生日礼物是显微镜  Like your ninth birthday, coming up. Microscope.
你上沃思学院的生物课 正好能用  Perfect for the Werth Academy biology curriculum.
都已经包好了  It's already wrapped.
哇    没错 厉害吧  Wow!    Yes. "Wow!"
但是现在 你要集中精神应对这个  But for now, all your attention should be focused here.
去新学校报到的第一天  The first day of your new school.
沃思  学院
我们有53天时间做准备  We've got 53 days of prep time,
听上去不算多  which doesn't sound like much,
换算成小时 只有1272个小时  until you break it into hours, 1,272.
换算成分钟 就只有76320分钟  Or minutes, 76,320.
你会发现 原来你能完成那么多事情  Only then do you realise how much can be accomplished.
你要根据这张表来安排你的每一分钟每小时每一天  You will use those minutes, hours and days according to this.
跟你直说吧  Because, let's face it,
进入社会 你就只能靠自己  you're going to be all alone out there.
独自奋战  All alone.
所以  So...
我们不能有面试时那样的失误了  we can't afford any more mistakes, like the interview.
好 好的  All... right.
你一定会长成一个出色的大人  You're going to make a wonderful grown  up.
谢谢妈妈  Thank you, Mom.
我也想留下来 宝贝  I wish I could stay, sweetie,
可审计的戴维斯又来了  but it's the Davis audit, again.
米勒又没查出凯莉的计算错误  The Kelly numbers on the Miller oversite are still problematic.
而且这次被范思逮到了  Only this time Fines caught wind of it now,
现在洛根吓坏了  Logan's in a panic.
费舍又让大家什么都别干  And Fisher wants nothing to do with it...
洛根  Logan.
现在只能由我去    把事情补救回来  Now I've gotta go in...    And make it all balance out.
我都不确定 我能不能做到  I'm not even sure that's possible.
这件事只有你能做到 你去吧  If anyone can do it, it's you. You go.
我有人生大计呢  I've got the life plan!
你最让妈妈省心了  You're my senior VP.
好了  OK.
汽油  Gas.
不不不不不  No no no no no.
先要拴紧  Tempo.
下次一定要先把螺栓拴紧  Exert. Things are talent before you go in.
有人在吗  Anybody home?
螺旋桨  Bolts.
小心  Pay attention.
别把最简单的事儿搞砸了  Don't screw up except those thing.
我本来还不相信 他后院里真的有架飞机  I didn't actually believe he had a plane back there.
我以为那老头 好几年前就升天了  I think the old guy flew away years ago.
谢天谢地 我们没住在他家隔壁  I'm just thankful we don't live next door to him.
收到  Roger that.
你们好  Well, hello there.
警官 下午好  A very good afternoon to you, Officer.
朋友们  Friends!
是这样的 我刚刚专心在玩桥牌  I was just... I was immersed in a game of bridge.
一起玩么  Do you play?
先生 你是不是又要发动那架飞机啦  Sir, did you try to start your plane again?
是的 没错  Yes, yes, I did.
我很抱歉 真的非常抱歉  I'm terribly, terribly sorry.
我给隔壁人家 造成了巨大的损失  I do believe I have caused extensive damage to the house next door.
要抓我么  Downtown?
那倒不至于  I'd rather not.
稍等  Hold on. Hold on.
我记得就在这里    怎么啦  I know it's here, somewhere.    What?
找到了    先生  Found it!    Sir...
我回来了 我买了中餐回来  Hey, I'm home. I brought Chinese.
妈妈    你在这呀  Mom?    Oh. Hi.
你回来了  Hi.
你哪儿来这么多零钱  Where did you get the pennies?
隔壁老爷爷给的    什么  From the old man next door.    What?
实际上 是警察叔叔给我的  Actually, it was the police officer who "gave" them to me.
什么  What?
竟然有人放一架飞机在家里  What kind of a nut keeps an aeroplane
还想在后院开起来  and actually starts it in his backyard?
宝贝 你真的没事吗  Honey, are you sure you're OK?
我得打电话给保险公司    打过了  I have to call insurance agent.    Done it.
还要填报案表    填好了 一式两份  And file a police report.    Done. In duplicate.
现场照片呢    里外都拍了  Photo documentation?    Inside and outside.
就是效果差了点  Doubt it could have been better.
还不算太糟嘛  It's not so bad.
明早给承包商打电话  We'll call a contractor in the morning
然后把隔壁老头彻底忘掉  and we'll forget the old man even exists.
忘掉了  Forgotten.
今晚最重要的事情  Matters of consequence this evening,
我们再来看下今天翻新的数字吧  let's recap today's recaps.
今天的市场活动都有详细记录  Today's market activity with a detailed account...
看下今日编号  Section number of the day.
还有其他上百个  There are also hundreds of others...
很久以前 有一个小王子  "Once upon a time there is a little prince"
住在一个 只比他大一点点的星球上  "who lived on a planet that was scarcely bigger than himself,"
他很想要  "and who had need of..."
一个朋友  A friend?
我觉得你该交个朋友  I thought you could use a friend!
不 我在这里 在上面  No, no, here I am, up here.
对 在这儿呢 你好  Yep! Here! Hi.
别这样 那只是个故事的开头  I'm sorry. That's just the beginning of the story.
没关系 反正也没人能理解  It's OK. Nobody understands it anyway.
好吧 再见 但愿吧  All right. Bye  bye. See you later. Maybe.
她发出了可怕噪音  She made the most frightful noise.
在这里四处回荡  It resounded all over the place.
到了午饭时间    我可以把零钱攒起来  Maybe during lunch...    I can count all those pennies.
很久以前 有一个小王子  Once upon a time there was a little prince
住在一个只比他大一点点的星球上  who lived on a planet that was scarcely bigger than himself,
他很想要一个朋友  and who had need of a friend.
而我一直独自生活  And I, I lived my life alone
没有一个可以谈心的对象  without anyone I could really talk to.
所以我开始学习驾驶飞机  So I learned to pilot aeroplanes.
我几乎飞遍了世界的每一个角落  I flew more or less all over the world,
直到有一次遇到事故 降落在撒哈拉沙漠  until I had an accident in the Sahara Desert.
请你给我画只绵羊吧  If you please, draw me a sheep!
请你给我画只绵羊吧  If you please, draw me a sheep.
给我画只绵羊  Draw me a sheep!
对于超出理解范围的不明事物  When a mystery is too over  powering,
人是不敢轻易反抗的  one dare not disobey.
画画 我可不会画画  Draw? I don't know how to draw.
那也没关系  That doesn't matter.
我画的第一只羊 太病怏怏  The first sheep I drew was too sickly.
第二只羊 也不合他心意  And the second one, not to his liking either.
你自己看看 这不是绵羊  Don't you see, that's not a sheep.
这是山羊 还有角呢  This is a ram, it has horns.
而这一只又    太老了  And this one was...    Too old!
我想要一只可以活很久很久的羊  I want a sheep that will live for a long time.
于是我画了这个  So, I drew this.
你要的羊在里面  The sheep you ask for is inside.
这跟我想要的一模一样  That is exactly the way I wanted it!
你说这只羊会不会吃很多草  Do you think this sheep will eat a great deal of grass?
我住的地方什么东西都很小  Because where I live, everything is very small.
他肯定不会吃很多草  I'm sure there will be enough grass for him.
他是一只很小的羊  He's a very small sheep.
没你说的那么小 看 他睡着了  Not so small that... Look! He's gone to sleep.
你好  Hello?
你好  Hello?
你好  Hello!
等等 先别动  Hold on. Now, hold on.
现在可以了  Here we go.
我只是来把画还给你的  I... I just wanted to give your drawing back.
你不喜欢？  You didn't like it?
不 不 我很喜欢  No, no, I did.
那就是我画得不够好  It's not very good.
你画的很好  I think it's nice.
你的故事我也读了 很入迷  I read the story, too. Attentively.
然后 我觉得这故事很怪  And I found it quite odd.
很怪？  Odd?
我是指很奇特 很有趣  I mean curious, or interesting.
对于里面的情节我有几个问题  I guess I have some issues with some of the facts.
你有问题要问  You have questions?
我无意冒犯您 可以问吗  I don't mean to be rude. Can I?
怎么会是冒犯呢  What? Be rude? Sure.
说吧 你想问什么  Go ahead. What you got?
那么 第一个问题 这个小孩在沙漠里干什么  Well, first of all, what was the kid doing there in the desert?
这点非常奇怪  That's very strange.
人不可能在沙漠里活很久  No one can last very long in a desert
如果没有水和食物  without food and water.
他的父母在哪儿 他不用上学吗  Where are his parents? Does he even go to school?
他真的住在天上吗  Does he really live up there?
我上过基础天文课  Because I took basic astronomy
其他星球上  and there was no mention of life,
没有生命 更别说小孩了  or children, on any other planets.
除非他是从恒星上来的  Unless it's true that he came from a star.
但这好像不大可能  But that seems improbable.
不 不是恒星 是小行星  Not a star. An asteroid.
B612小行星  Asteroid B612.
我们还没学过小行星  We didn't cover asteroids.
既然他想要一只羊  But the fact that he wanted a sheep,
这就足以证明 他是存在的  that pretty much proves that he exists.
你觉得呢？  Don't you think?
等一下 我在给你找另一幅画  Hold on, I just got to find it here. Another drawing.
这有个巨大的火灾隐患  This is a pretty serious fire hazard.
我可从没这么想过  I never looked at it that way.
这些东西都从哪里来的？  Where did you get all this stuff?
你知道 生活中有些东西会让你一见钟情  Oh, well, as you live, you know, some things just kind of stick to you.
有个专门的名词叫  And there's a name for it...
收集    收藏  Collecting?    Hoarding!
对 收藏  That's it, hoarding.
我就是个收藏家 对 收藏家  That's what I am. I'm a hoarder. A bit of a hoarder.
小狐狸 你叫什么名字  What's your name, little fox?
他没法回答你  He can't answer you.
我一直想给他缝一张嘴  I keep meaning to sew him a mouth.
你 你没事吗  Are... Are you OK?
没事 这是常有的事儿  I'm fine, this happens sometimes.
过一会就好  Just need a minute.
虽然上一回跌倒时 我在这躺了三天  You know, the last time this happened, I was down here for three days.
三天？   那没什么  Three days?    That's OK.
所以我总在兜里揣个三明治  That's why I always keep a sandwich in my pocket.
要吃吗 红肠的  Do you want a bite? Baloney.
我记得对红肠过敏  I think I'm baloney intolerant.
大概是红肠的  I think it's baloney.
今晚天气一定很好  Gonna be a clear night.
星星就快出来了  The stars will be out soon.
小王子 他非常喜欢看日落  The Little Prince, he was very fond of sunsets.
有一天他看了四十四次日落  One day he saw 44 of them.
什么  What?
他的行星 很小  His planet, it was so small,
所以他只要挪一下椅子 就又能看到日落了  all he had to do was move his chair a few steps to see another one.
但是再小的星球也有不好的地方  But a small planet also had drawbacks.
他需要一只羊来吃掉猴面包树的树苗  He needed a sheep to eat the baobab sprouts.
猴面包树    对 一种非常贪婪的树  Baobab?    Yeah. It's a very greedy tree.
每天小王子都要辛勤地铲除这些树苗  And every day, he toiled to stop them from turning up.
如果铲得太迟  For if you intervene too late...
就大祸临头了  Catastrophe.
幸好 还有很多好的种子  Now, luckily, there are good seeds, too.
有一天 风吹来一粒种子 没人知道从哪儿来的  And one day, from a seed blown from no one knew where,
长出一种从没见过的植物  a new kind of sprout came up.
我知道你一定会很惊艳 一定会  I know you'll be miraculous. I know you will.
你长得好美啊  How beautiful you are!
我才刚刚睡醒  I'm only half awake.
请原谅 我还没有梳妆打扮好  Forgive me, I'm still quite dishevelled.
你很完美  You're perfect.
那还用说？  Am I not?
我与太阳在同一时刻诞生  I was born at the same moment as the sun.
在那里 他们第一次一起看了日出  It was there they shared their first sunrise
第一次一起看了日落  and their first sunset.
我有穿堂风恐惧症 你住的地方好冷  It's very cold where you live.
你要是有心 就该多替我着想  If you would have the kindness to... to think of my needs?
但是很快 玫瑰的自负让他痛苦不堪  But the Rose began very quickly to torment him with her vanity.
我想你也不会有屏风吧  I suppose you wouldn't have a screen?
到了晚上 我要你把我放在玻璃罩里  And at night I want you to put me under a glass.
玻璃罩呢  A glass globe, now.
你要满足我的需求 我的美貌 我的屏风  My needs... My beauty... My screen...
可惜造物弄人 虽然他们彼此相爱  Now, the shame of it was that they loved each other.
但是他们都太年轻了 还不懂得如何去爱  But they were both too young to know how to love.
带着满心的困惑 他逃走了  Full of doubt, he ran away.
我当然爱你  Of course I love you.
没有让你感觉到 是我的不对  If you're not aware of that, it's my fault.
请你原谅我  Please forgive me.
他留下了她一个人  He left her? All alone?
那 他去哪里了  But where did he go?
他当时也不知道  Well, he didn't know it at the time,
但离开 是回到玫瑰身边的旅程的第一步  but his leaving was just the first step on a journey back to her.
真的吗    真的  Really?    Yeah.
快看 星星出来了  Look at that, the stars are out.
好漂亮  They're so bright.
这么多星星  There are so many to look at.
要是天公作美 只要我仔细聆听  And on a good day, if I listen carefully,
就能听见他在天上的笑声  I can hear him laughing up there.
不好 我得走了  Oh, no! I got to go!
宝贝 你在哪儿  Sweetie? Where are you?
我回来了  Oh. Hi.
你的桌子一团乱  Your desk is a mess.
今天的学习计划完成了吗  Did you finish your study work for today?
还没全部完成  Not exactly.
那你今天一天在干嘛  Well, what have you been doing?
我读了很多东西  I've read a lot...
还 交了个朋友  And I made a friend.
朋友？  A friend?
不行 不行 不行  No. No, no, no. No. No.
不行  Nope.
也许  Maybe...
有啦  Yes.
这样吧  OK.
朋友
如果你认真学习 严格执行人生大计  If you study hard and you stay completely on track with the plan,
那你就可以和你的朋友一起玩  you can spend some time with your new friend.
明年暑假 每周四 一点到一点半  Next summer, on Thursdays, from 1:00 to 1:30.
好吗 真想见见她  OK? Can't wait to meet her.
他发现自己到了邻近的小行星  He found himself in the neighbourhood of asteroids
325号 326号 327号  325, 326, 327,
328号 329号 330号  328, 329, 330...
什么？来了一个臣民  What? What? Oh! Here's a subject.
上前来  Approach.
陛下 您统治什么  Sire, over what do you rule?
我统治世上的一切  Over everything.
星星全都听您的吗  And the stars obey you?
那是当然 我不允许任何忤逆我的行为  They certainly do. I do not permit insubordination.
我现在非常想观看日落  I would very much like to see a sunset.
能让我想起我的玫瑰  It would remind me of my rose.
您能命令太阳下山吗  Could you order the sun to set?
你会看到日落的  You shall have your sunset.
我会下达命令  I shall command it.
但是 我要等条件适宜的时候  But I shall wait until conditions are favorable.
那是什么时候  When will that be?
大概会是 估计会是  That will be about... about...
应该会是 今晚 七点四十左右  That will be... this evening. About twenty minutes to eight.
早上好  Good morning.
你戴着一顶很可笑的帽子  You're wearing a funny kind of hat.
这顶帽子？这帽子其实是用来致意的  What is it... It is a hat for salutes, actually.
当人们称赞我时 我会脱帽致谢  To raise when people acclaim me.
现在鼓掌  Clap your hands, yeah.
非常感谢 非常感谢  Thank you. Thank you.
明白了吧  See?
你真的是打从心底仰慕我吗  Do you really admire me very much?
我是不是这个星球上最英俊最潇洒最富有  Am I not the handsomest, the best  dressed, the richest...
最聪明的人  and the most intelligent man on this planet?
但这个星球上只有你一个人  But you're the only man on this planet.
行行好  Do me this kindness and...
还是仰慕我吧 拜托  admire me just the same, please.
天上的星星都是我的  I own the stars...
他们都归我管  I administ them.
我数星星 一遍又一遍  I count them, then I recount them.
可是 这么做有什么用么  But what good does that do you?
这么做会让我变得富有 懂了么  Well, it does me the good of making me rich. How's that?
你变得富有又有什么用呢  And what good does it do you to be rich?
就能去买更多的星星  It makes it possible for me to buy more stars.
还有 任何你想要的东西  Plus anything else you can think of.
这些大人们真的是非常非常古怪  Grown  ups are certainly very very odd.
完成 完成 完成  And check. And check. And check.
完成  Check.
完成  Check.
完成 完成完成完成  And check. And check, check, check.
完成  Check...
这些大人们真的是非常非常 非常古怪  Grown  ups are certainly very very very odd.
我跟大人们一起生活了很长时间  I've lived a great deal among grown  ups.
我跟他们关系密切  I've seen them intimately close at hand and...
但那也没有改变我对他们的看法  that hasn't much changed my opinion of them.
我觉得我有点不想长大了  Well, I'm not so sure I wanna grow up any more.
真正的问题不在于长大  Growing up is not the problem.
在于遗忘  Forgetting is.
我绝对不想忘记这些  I definitely don't want to forget.
我现在已经是大人了 但我从来没忘记小王子  I managed to grow up and I never forgot the Little Prince.
很好  Yeah...
晚上好  Good evening.
晚上好  Good evening.
这是什么行星  What planet is this?
这是地球  This is Earth.
这儿是非洲  This is Africa.
人都在哪儿呢  Where are all the men?
沙漠里面有一点寂寞  It is a little lonely in the desert.
人多的地方也很寂寞  It is also lonely among men.
你真是个有趣的动物  You are a funny animal.
还没一根手指头粗  You are no thicker than a finger.
但我比国王的手指还要强大  But I am more powerful than the finger of a king.
可你连脚都没有  You haven't any feet.
甚至不能去旅行  You cannot even travel.
我可以带你到连船都到不了的远方  I can carry you further than any ship can take you.
如果哪天你想回你自己的星球去 我可以帮你  I can help you someday, if you grow too homesick for your own planet.
我想我明白你的意思了  I think I understand you.
就这样 踩踩左边的树杈  There you go, try that one on the left there.
我好害怕  I'm scared.
这很正常 当然可怕  That's normal. It is scary.
不然为什么我让你来呢  Why do you think I send you?
还差一点儿 就快到了  Almost there. You got it now.
伸手 伸手去够  Just reach! Reach for it!
我拿到了    好样的 你成功了  I got it!    There you go! You got it!
这真是  Well, that was...
看来 可怕的程度翻了一倍  That was double scary, right?
翻一倍再翻一倍  Triple and quadruple.
看来只能截肢了    什么  We're going to have to amputate them.    What?
感觉好点了吧    好多了  Feels better, then, eh?    Yeah.
在小王子 长途跋涉  But it happened that after walking a long time
走过沙漠 爬过岩石 穿过风雪之后  through sand, rocks and snow,
狐狸出现了  the Fox appeared.
和我一起玩吧  Hey! Come and play with me.
我不能和你一起玩  I cannot play with you.
我没被驯服  I'm not tamed.
什么叫 驯服  What does that mean?
驯服的意思是 制造羁绊  Tame means, "to establish ties".
对我来说 你只是一个普通的小男孩  To me, you are still nothing more than a little boy
和其他千千万万的小男孩没有区别  who is just like 100,000 other little boys.
我并不需要你  And I have no need of you.
你也不需要我  And you have no need of me.
对你来说 我和其他千千万万的狐狸没有区别  To you, I am nothing more than a fox like 100,000 foxes.
但如果你驯服了我 我们就会需要彼此  But if you tame me, then we shall need each other.
你好  Hey, there.
对我来说 你将会是世界上独一无二的人  To me, you will be unique in all the world.
对你来说 我也会是独一无二的  And to you, I shall be unique in all the world.
你们是谁  Who are you?
我们是玫瑰  We are roses.
我的玫瑰只是一朵普通的玫瑰  My rose is just a common rose?
可她跟我说 她是全宇宙唯一的玫瑰  But she told me she was the only one of her kind in the whole universe.
她不是一朵普通的玫瑰  But she is not a common rose.
她是你的玫瑰  She is your rose.
你在她身上付出的时间  It is the time that you've devoted to her
让她变得无可替代  that makes your rose so important.
她是我的玫瑰  She is my rose.
你必须回去找她  You must return to her.
不 你哭了吗  Oh, no, are you going to cry?
我驯服了你 却没给你带来一点好处  My taming you has done you no good at all.
我告诉你一个秘密 作为礼物  Let me make you a present of a secret.
只有用心去看 才能看得真切  It is only with the heart that one can see rightly.
重要的东西 肉眼是看不见的  What is essential is invisible to the eye.
他们不会再见面了吗  They won't be together any more?
他们会的  But they will.
只要用心去看 狐狸就能看见小王子  The Fox, he sees the Little Prince when he looks with his heart.
等你学会了 你就永远不会寂寞了  If you can do that, you'll never be lonely again.
没错 但是我不寂寞 有你陪着呀  Right. But I'm not lonely. I've got you now.
真是幸运  I am so lucky.
我本来以为 这辈子都不会有人愿意听我的故事了  I thought I'd never find anyone who wanted to hear my story.
结果你出现了 来的正及时  Then you came along. Just in time.
等等  Wait...
来的正及时 是什么意思  What do you mean, "Just in time"?
人生没有不散的宴席 早晚都会说再见  Well, everyone has to say goodbye sooner or later.
你要走吗  You're leaving?
这个  Well...
如果 如果我能让飞机飞起来的话  What if... What if I get that old plane running?
如果到了时间  And what if it's time for me to...
我该去找小王子了的话  you know, go be with the Little Prince?
可是  But...
可是他已经拥有玫瑰了  But he already has his rose...
我却还需要你  And I need you here.
你饿不饿  You hungry?
我知道一个好地方  I know a great place
生日的时候可以吃到免费的松饼  where we can get free pancakes on your birthday.
但是还有两周才是我的生日  But my birthday's not for two weeks.
他们又不知道  They don't know that.
这就像开飞机一样  It's... It's like flying a plane.
你不是坠机了么？  Like the one you crashed?
呵呵 你说对了  Exactly!
什么  What!
靠边 停下  Pull over.
你有考过驾照了吗    没有  Do you have a driver's licence?    No.
那上路许可呢    没有  A learner's permit?    No.
你几岁了？你好 警官  How old are you? Hi, Officer.
你怎么又把这辆车开出来了？  You obviously started your car, again.
是啊  Yeah...
下午好 警官 我能不能打断一下你们的谈话  Good afternoon, Officer. If I may interject for a moment?
你知不知道 今天是我的生日  Did you know it's my birthday?
妈妈 我可以    去屋里等  Mom, I can...    Wait for me inside.
但是    进去  But...    Now.
抱歉 让您放下工作过来  Madam, I'm very sorry to pull you out from work.
听说 他们是想去 吃松饼  Apparently, they were going to get pancakes...
你要不要跟他谈谈    是的  Would you like to speak to him?    Yes...
别去 别去  No! No! No! No!
狐狸先生  Mr. Fox!
你的日程表显示你在睡觉  According to this, you're still in bed. Asleep.
还停留在昨天  Yesterday.
你这位朋友 甚至连驾照都没有  Your "friend" doesn't even have a driver's licence.
不对 是被没收了  Oh, no. They took it away
因为他四次加油 没拔管子就开车  after the fourth time he drove away with the gas pump attached.
谁不定你今天就死了  You could have been killed!
妈妈 听我解释    不 我不想听你的谎话  Mom, I can explain...    No, no, you mean you can lie.
但是    你一直在对我撒谎  But...    You've been lying to me,
你还对警察撒谎  you've lied to the police officer.
对了 我差点忘了 祝你生日快乐  Oh, yes, right, before I forget, happy birthday.
你甚至对你的人生大计撒谎  You've even managed to lie to your life plan!
这个 只是一个摆满磁贴的木盒  That? That's just one board full of magnets!
在你眼里 它比我更重要  Something I think you care about more than me.
你错了  You're wrong.
你和你的人生大计 对我来说都很重要  I care about it as much as I care about you.
这是同一回事  It is you.
这是你的人生  This is your life
却只有我一个人把你的人生当回事  and I'm the only one taking any responsibility for it!
那是你理想中的我的人生 不是我的  That's your version of my life, not mine!
如果你多点时间陪我 你就会明白  If you were ever around, you'd see that!
为什么我必须拼命工作  You know full well why I have to work so hard.
你现在变得和他一样了  You're just like him now.
永远都在埋头工作  Too busy, always working.
离你不见踪影 还有多久  How long until you completely disappear?
我认为他从自己的星球逃离时  "I believe that for his escape"
可能是借助了迁徙鸟群的力量  "he took advantage of the migration of a flock of wild birds?"
住手 住手  No, no!
够了够了 不准再看这种垃圾  OK, OK, enough of this nonsense.
接下来的两个星期 你给我专心学习  You have two weeks to focus on what is essential.
可是 妈妈  But, Mom!
爱你 爸爸
我们去找口井吧  Let's look for a well.
星星之所以美丽  The stars are beautiful
是因为某一颗上有一朵看不见的花  because of a flower that cannot be seen.
沙漠之所以美丽  What makes the desert beautiful
是因为在某个地方藏着一口井  is that somewhere it hides a well.
在月光下  In the moonlight,
我看见他苍白的额头 他闭上了眼睛  I looked at his pale forehead, his closed eyes,
他一绺绺头发 在风中颤抖  his locks of hair that trembled in the wind.
我对自己说  And I said to myself,
我现在看到的 不过是一群外壳  "What I see here is nothing but a shell."
最重要的东西 肉眼是无法看见的  "What is most important is what is invisible."
天亮时 我们找到了一口井  We found a well at daybreak.
你们这儿的人  The men where you live
种了成千上万朵玫瑰  grow thousands of roses
所以找不到你们寻觅的东西  and they do not find what they are looking for.
你们寻觅的东西其实就在一株玫瑰  What they are looking for could be found in a single rose,
或是一掬水中  or a little water.
别那么着急  Hold your horses.
我们去找口井吧  Let's go look for a well.
不 不 你听我说  No. No. Listen.
那天我干了件不好的事情  I made a big mistake the other day.
以后你不能再到这儿来了  You can't come over here any more.
没关系 这是最后一次    什么  It's OK. This will be the last time.    What?
我们去把飞机发动起来  Come on and let's get that plane running!
如果你们可以在沙漠里找到一口井  I think if you guys managed to walk into the desert and find a well,
那 我们也一定可以找到小王子  then we can go and find the Little Prince.
他会帮助我们的  He'll be able to help us.
等等 稍微等一下  Wait... Wait, little one.
我们不能说走就走啊  We can't just take off.
你说得对  You're right.
我们得先把机翼修好才行  We're gonna have to fix our wings first.
不 不是  No, no.
对不起 但是  I'm sorry, but...
但是如果真到了 我要离开的那一天  When the moment does come for me to leave,
我只能一个人走  I have to go alone.
可 我不会给你添麻烦  But I won't be any trouble,
我在飞机里也不占地方 我保证  and I won't take up much room in the plane. I promise.
别丢下我一个人  Don't go without me.
是时候告诉你 故事的结局了  I think it's time I told you the end of the story.
那天晚上 我终于修好了飞机  That evening, I finished fixing my plane
然后 我去找小王子  and I went to find the Little Prince.
今晚我会过去的 等着我  I shall be there tonight. Wait for me.
确定不会很痛苦吧  You're sure I won't suffer too long?
你朝他开枪啦  Did you shoot it?
没有 它消失在岩石间了  No, it disappeared among the stones.
发生了什么  What happened?
不知道怎么回事 他知道我飞机修好了  Somehow, he knew that I had fixed my plane.
我今天也要回家去了  I, too, am going back home today.
我的家离得更远  It is much farther.
回家也更困难  It is much more difficult.
我很害怕  I am afraid.
不敢相信 我再也听不到你的笑声了  I can't believe I'll never hear you laugh again.
我要送你一份礼物  I'm going to make you a present.
在其中的一颗星星上 我会继续生活  In one of those stars, I shall be living.
在那颗星星上 我会继续欢笑  In one of them, I shall be laughing.
所以 当你在夜晚仰望星空时  And so, when you look up at the sky at night,
就会觉得 仿佛所有的星星都在欢笑  it'll be as if all the stars are laughing.
今晚 请你不要过来  Tonight, do not come.
你没让他走吧 去见那条蛇？  You didn't let him go? Not to the Snake!
那是他的选择  It wasn't my choice.
是时候说再见了  It was time for goodbye.
你知道的 路途太遥远了  You understand it is too far.
我无法带着这个躯体一起走  I cannot carry this body with me.
这只是一个没有用的外壳罢了  It will be like an old abandoned shell.
你没有必要为没用的外壳伤心  There is nothing sad about old shells.
就是这儿了    我留下来  Here's the place.    I shall not leave you.
可是  But...
可是  But...
你说过他就在天上 不是吗  You said he's up there, didn't you?
回到了玫瑰身边  Back with his rose?
是的  Well...
的确像他说的那样  It is as he said.
我仰望星空的时候 能听见他在欢笑  I look at the stars and I hear him laughing.
但你不能确定 是他  But you don't know for sure?
如果能确定的话 我自然十分欣慰  It would comfort me very much to know for sure,
但是 我还是宁愿选择相信 他就在那儿  but instead, I choose to believe he is up there.
你希望我在你离开后 也这样做吗  Is that what you want me to do when you go?
抬头看天上的星星  Just look up to the stars
让自己相信 你还在我身边  and make believe that you're not gone?
但是  But...
只要你用心去看 我会永远在你身边  If you look with your heart, I'll always be with you.
就像 就像我知道  It's... It's just like I know
小王子会永远和他的玫瑰在一起  the Little Prince will always be with his rose.
可是你并不能保证  But you can't know for sure.
要是他没有回到他的玫瑰身边呢  What if he's not back with his rose?
要是他独自一个人就长大了呢    可是  What if he's all grown up and alone?    But...
要是他迷路了呢 要是他把一切都忘了呢  What if he's lost and he's forgotten everything?
等等 等等 别着急 亲爱的  Wait... Wait... Wait... Sweetheart.
小王子永远不会忘记  The Little Prince will never forget.
他会永远和我们在一起 帮助我们  He'll always be up there for us, to help us.
我不要他帮忙 我讨厌小王子  I don't want his help. I hate the Little Prince!
小王子害我浪费了整个暑假  I wasted my whole summer on the Little Prince!
真希望你没有和我讲过这个愚蠢的故事  I wish you had never told me this stupid story.
暑假的最后一天
今天有雨  It comes to a rainny day
受天气影响32人上班迟到  and this weather has caused 32 people to be late for work.
本市的生产效率下降了0.4%  Efficiency of the city fell by 0.4%.
怎么回事  Oh, what... Oh, dear!
宝贝 你去哪儿  Honey, where...
不 别  No! No, you won't...
宝贝 不要  Sweetie, no...
宝贝 停下 你在干什么  Sweetie, stop! What are you doing?
别走 你不能走  Stop! You can't go!
求你 我需要你  Please, I need you here!
不要  No!
求求你们 让我跟他说话  Please! Please! You've got to let me see him!
他怎么了 他不会有事吧  What happened to him? Is he gonna be OK?
我说  So...
你别忘了 明天是重要的日子  Let's not forget, tomorrow's an important day.
飞行员需要你  The Aviator needs you.
我一定要找到你  I'm gonna find you.
你知道怎么开飞机吗  Do you know how to fly a plane?
也对 我猜你也不知道  Yeah, I didn't think so.
好吧 那么  OK, well...
好的 没错 我能做到  Yes! Yeah, I can do this.
给 帮我拿好  Here, hold these.
我好像已经掌握诀窍了  I think I've got the hang of it now.
别乱跑  I've got you!
星星在哪里？  Where are the stars?
那是什么  What is that?
星星  A star?
等等 那不是星星  Wait a minute. That's no star.
飞行员从没说过 有这个地方  The Aviator never mentioned this place.
难不成  Could it be?
是他 是他  It's him! It's him!
他在这儿做什么  What is he doing here?
系好安全带  Buckle up.
要找一片空地  We need a gap.
前面好像有一片空地  I think I see one up ahead.
飞机准备降落  Prepare for landing.
成功了  We did it!
不算太糟  That wasn't too bad.
快看 那儿  Look! Up there.
从飞行器上下来  Step out of the vehicle.
我说从飞行器上下来  I said step out of the vehicle.
真的抱歉 警官 请你听我解释  I'm very sorry, Officer. If I could just explain...
把手放在我看得见的地方  Keep your hands where I can see them.
超速行驶 擅自变道  Unsafe speeding. Unsafe lane changes.
你违反了所有法规    什么  Unsafe everything.    What?
多次闯红灯  Running multiple red lights.
求你了 我只是来找我的朋友  Please, I'm just trying to find my friend...
破坏市政财产  Destruction of city property.
找一个朋友的朋友 我和他还没见过面  Well, a friend of a friend. We've never officially met.
转向的时候不打灯 一次都没打  No use of turn signals. No signals at all.
我要找到他 然后把他带回家  I'm just gonna grab him and take him home.
还有意图绑架 再加上一条  Attempted kidnapping! Add that to the list.
意图实施绑架  Attempted kidnapping.
你不是？  Hey, are you...
那个自大狂  The Conceited Man.
我以妨碍执法人员执行公务的罪名现在逮捕你  Disobeying a uniformed officer of the law, no less.
是我  Me!
等等  Wait.
你为什么不在自己的星球上    你  Why are you not on your planet?    Oh, you...
为什么你这么小    因为我是小孩  Why are you so small?    Because I'm a child.
这里绝对不能允许有这种事情  That is absolutely not allowed here.
我们走  Let's go!
别急着走  Not so fast!
谢谢 谢谢  Thank you. Thank you.
没错 继续  That's right. Go on.
我们需要打扮一下  We're gonna need a disguise.
不好意思 借过  Excuse me. Pardon me.
抱歉 对不起  Sorry. Can I...? Sorry.
我的臣民们来了  Here are my subjects.
上前来  Approach.
是国王吗  Is that the King?
67楼    如你所愿  67th floor.    As you wish.
27楼    准许  27th floor.    Granted.
14楼    可以  14th floor.    Certainly.
142楼    没问题  142nd floor.    Of course.
34楼    乐意效劳  34th floor.    Happily.
不是吧  Oh, no.
顶楼 谢谢  Top floor, please.
什么 到顶楼  What? Top floor?
等到条件适宜的时候 尊敬的陛下  When conditions are favorable? Your... Your Majesty?
现在的条件很适宜  Conditions are favorable.
办妥了  It is done.
他在那儿  There he is!
小王子 小王子    什么  Little Prince! Little Prince!    What?
真对不起    没事  I'm so sorry.    I'm OK.
我的腿  My shin.
没事吧    没事 没事  Are you OK?    Yes. Yes.
我只是 只是想休息一下  No, I was just... I was just taking a little break, that's all.
我刚把你当成别人了    是吗  I thought you were someone else.    You did?
好吧 好极了  That's great! That's great.
别告诉我老板  Please don't report me.
我只是休息一下 休息结束 我在工作  Break's over. See? I'm working.
工作 工作 工作 工作  Work, work, work, work.
不用告诉我老板  No need to report me.
不是他  I don't think it was him.
这下该怎么办  What are we going to do now?
王子先生  Mr. Prince?
会是他吗  Can it be?
不好意思  Excuse me?
不是吧 真倒霉  Oh, man! Darn it!
你掉了这个  I think you dropped this.
王子先生
我的胸牌  My badge!
大祸临头了    真的是他  Catastrophe.    It is him.
我能    你怎么变成这样了  Can I...    What happened to you?
把它给我 拜托  Give me that. Please.
飞行员不会喜欢这样的  The Aviator's not going to like this.
把他给我    你不该是 这个样子的  Give it!    You're not supposed to... be like this.
快点 把它给我  Come on, give me that!
谢谢  Thank you.
这还怎么工作？怎么有闹铃  How does this work? This works with a gong.
我在工作 看  I'm working. See?
我必不可少  I'm being essential.
等等 别走    别 别跟我说话  Wait, stop!    No, no, no, don't talk to me.
我知道你是谁  I know who you are!
你是小王子 你害怕猴面包树  You're the Little Prince, and you're afraid of baobabs!
不 我是王子先生 我是保洁工  No... I'm Mr. Prince, the Maintenance Man.
我害怕的是商人  And I'm afraid of the Businessman.
你在沙漠里 遇见过一个飞行员  You've been with an aviator in a desert.
他还给你画了一只羊  He drew you a sheep!
别来烦我  Oh, you've asked too many questions!
你还跟迁徙的鸟群一样旅行  You also travel with a flock of migrating birds.
走开 对不起 我现在很忙  Go away. Excuse me! I am very busy.
你驯服过一只像他一样的狐狸  You tamed a fox. A fox like him!
我没养过宠物  Never had a pet.
他不是你的宠物  He wasn't your pet,
他是你的朋友  he was your friend.
我像是有时间交朋友吗  Well, does it look like I have time for friends?
我在工作  I'm working!
不要啊  No!
那是我最后一把刷子  That was my last brush!
这下我要被解雇了  I'm going to get fired.
这是我最后的机会  This was my last chance.
太不公平了 我只是想认认真真地工作而已  This is so unfair! I was just doing... doing my job!
事实上 这里还有一把    谢谢  Actually, there's one more...    Thank you.
我要继续工作了    等等  Now I have to get back to work.    Wait!
你知道吗 你在降低我的工作效率  You know what? You're slowing down my productivity!
你有一朵玫瑰  You had a rose!
一朵什么？   玫瑰  A what?    A rose.
非常美丽的玫瑰 美到不可思议  A really beautiful one. Miraculous even.
是世界上独一无二的  One that was unique in all the world.
听着 我已经不想再听你说什么废话了  You know, I've heard quite enough of this nonsense.
我要工作了 谢谢  I have to work. Thank you.
你忘了 你都忘了  You've forgotten everything!
我在忙着做重要的事情  I'm very busy with matters of consequences.
你也变得跟大人一样了  You've become just another grown  up!
把刷子给我  Give me that.
不  No!
你为什么要这么做  Why did you do that?
你为什么要  Why did you do...
没关系 用不着哭  It's all right, I don't need to cry.
用不着哭 我是个大人 一个成熟的人  I don't need to cry. I'm a grown  up. I'm a grown man.
不过是刷子弄没了 我用不着哭  My brushes got knocked over. I don't need to cry.
我用不着哭  I don't need to cry.
擦擦  Blow.
等一下 你怎么这么矮  Wait a minute, why are you so short?
你年纪很大了吗    什么  Are you really old?    What?
你确定没问题么？  Are you sure about this?
王子先生  Mr. Prince,
你可真是一位稀客啊  what a pleasant surprise.
这个孩子需要您的帮助  This child needs your help.
是吗  Does she?
我们这儿 一般不允许访客带小狗进来  Here, we don't normally allow little dogs.
不过 我们可以为你破个例  But for you, we will make an exception, won't we?
真是愉快  Delightful.
请进 快请进  Come in, come in!
最近怎么样 都还好吧  So how have you been? Things good?
我很喜欢 清洁屋顶的工作  I love my job, cleaning the roof.
说得好 王子先生  Well done, Mr. Prince.
你瞧 商人创造出了一件无与伦比的东西  You see, it's really a magnificent thing
那样的话 你就错了  But of course, you'd be wrong.
大错特错  Very very wrong.
没什么比这更微不足道了  Nothing so trivial as that.
我的飞机  My plane!
而这重要得多 这才是必不可少的  It's much more important. Much more essential.
不要 等等  No! Wait!
我在帮 他们就是这么帮我的  I am. That's how they helped me!
看来你总算  It seems that you've finally done something...
你会告诉商人的 对吗  You will tell the Businessman, won't you?
说我是必不可少的  How essential I've been?
当然 我一定会告诉他的  Yes, I most certainly will.
求你 但这很重要    不  Please! Those are important!    No!
这些东西 都是无关紧要的  There is nothing essential in here at all.
是时候  It is time
成才之路  基础指导手册
一本书里怎么可能装得下所有的内容  How could everything essential fit into just one book?
这本书的内容及其精炼  It is incredibly succinct.
只用单倍行距  And single  spaced.
直到我变老？  until I'm old?
当然不是  Not at all.
在这里 我们采用一套更为快速有效的方法让你长大  Here, we take a more accelerated approach to growing up.
王子先生 我说的对吗？  Isn't that right, Mr. Prince?
看你一脸茫然  Look at that blank look,
你已经忘得一干二净了吧  you've forgotten everything, haven't you?
待会儿你会感觉有一丁点儿痛 放松  Now, you're going to feel a slight pinch. Just relax.
这份同意书将免除我 商人  A consent form releasing myself, the Businessman,
以及这家公司    救命  and the corporation from all liability    Help!
你一定会长成一个出色的大人  You're going to make a wonderful grown  up.
不准捡起来  Leave them!
冲动是魔鬼  Oh, I didn't think that through.
商人一定对我大失所望  The Businessman is going to be very disappointed in me.
谢谢 为什么救我  Thank you. But why?
我一直不知道这是什么 或者从哪儿得到的  I never knew what this was, or where I even got it,
但我总感觉 这对我很重要  but I thought maybe it was important...
你的羊  Your sheep!
我的羊？  My sheep?
啥意思？  I don't get it.
这是飞行员给你的  The Aviator gave it to you
在地球上的沙漠里  in the desert on Earth,
为了吃掉猴面包树  to eat the baobabs.
大祸临头    大祸临头  Catastrophe.    Catastrophe.
没错  That's right.
这些都是飞行员画给你的  The Aviator drew all of these for you.
他现在非常需要你    我？他需要我  He really needs you right now.    Me? He needs me?
真正的问题不在于长大 在于遗忘  Growing up is not the problem. Forgetting is.
我有个主意  I have an idea.
我们要先找 我的飞机  We're just gonna need... My plane!
它在那儿  There it is!
没被弄坏  It's OK.
赶快  Hurry!
我们做到了  We did it!
不好  Oh no!
要按哪个  Which button?
停下 停下  No, no...
太棒了  Yes!
我们要爬到前面那座垃圾山顶上  We can catch it on top of the next pile!
等等 王子先生呢  Wait! Where's Mr. Prince?
我记得这些  I remember these.
星星  The stars.
它们怎么在这儿？  What are they all doing here?
星星之所以美丽  The stars are beautiful.
星星之所以美丽  The stars are beautiful
是因为某一颗上面有一朵看不见的花  because of a flower that cannot be seen.
是因为某一颗上面有一朵看不见的花  Because of a flower that cannot be seen?
你的玫瑰  Your rose!
我有一朵玫瑰  I have a rose...
看来我的收藏被你们发现了  I see you've found my collection,
501622731颗星星  501,622,731 stars.
你 是你干的  You? You did this?
可是 你应该只是数星星而已  But you're supposed to just count the stars.
拥有 跟着我念 拥有  "Own." Say it with me. "Own. "
我拥有这些星星  I own the stars.
谢谢 谢谢  Thank you. Thank you.
它们过去只是天上发着金光的小玩意儿  They used to be merely little golden objects in the sky
只会让懒惰的人成天做白日梦  that set lazy men to idle dreaming.
而现在 我把这些星星变成了必需品  But now, the stars have finally been made essential.
这 你是从哪儿拿到的  Where did you get that?
好奇心真重  She's curious.
简直像个孩子  Isn't that just like a child?
不  Oh, no!
谢谢  Thank you.
行了行了 够了  All right! All right! Enough.
谢谢    我说行了  Thank you.    All right!
够了  Enough!
你打算怎么处理 这些星星  What are you going to do with all the stars?
不用担心 小姑娘  Don't worry, my little girl.
我会善用这些星星的  I put the stars to good use.
瞧啊 这下  There. You see?
无关紧要的东西都变得必不可少了  The inessential has become perfectly essential.
世间万物都该这样  How it should be for all things!
把她带回教室  Take her back to the classroom.
不要让任何人打扰  Make sure no one interferes.
住手 放开我 我    安静  Stop it! Put me down. I can't...    Stop wriggling!
别让他们带我走    你要逃走就只能  Don't let them do this to me.    You won't get away.
等等    等等？  Wait.    Wait?
我给了你371次工作  I've given you 371 jobs,
你被解雇了370次  and you have been fired from 370 of them.
我认为你该回去工作了 我的小次品  I think it's time you get back to work, my little failure.
不 求你 放开    老实点  No! please, please, you've got to let me...    Stop wriggling.
住手  Stop!
放开她    什么 住手  Take your hands off her.    What? Stop?
我 我不是次品  I'm... I'm not a failure. I'm...
我是小王子  I'm the Little Prince.
什么  What?
他觉得他还小 而且还是个王子  He thinks he's little, and a prince!
太棒了  Wonderful.
我还是一只大黄蜂呢  Look at me! I'm a bumble bee.
你是什么 鸭子吗？  What are you? A duck?
没救的废物  He's hopeless.
我不是没救的废物 我满怀着希望  I'm not hopeless, I'm hopeful!
没错 我充满了希望  That's right! I'm full of hope!
我爱上了一朵玫瑰  And I love a rose!
她也爱我 她在等我回去  And she loves me, and she is waiting for me!
所以  So...
我不想再为你做任何工作了  I don't think I want to work for you any more.
现在起  And...
我不干了  I quit!
我不干了  I quit!
爬上去  That pile!
你什么时候才会把当小孩的事情忘啦？  When are you going to forget about being a child?
绝不  Never!
对不起 王子先生  Sorry, Mr. Prince!
没事 是我不对  No, no, it's my fault.
我不该把脸放在这儿  My face shouldn't have been there.
我有点怕  I'm scared.
快进去 快进去  Get in! Get in!
抓紧了  Hang on!
我去去就回    你要去哪里  I'll be right back!    Where are you going?
等等 你要干什么？  Wait! What are you doing?
这可不太妙  That's not good.
我会长大 但我永远不会变成像你一样的大人  I will grow up, but I'll never be a grown  up like you!
不  Oh, no!
抓住你了  Got you!
也抓住你了  I got you, too.
真美啊  Wonderful.
这对生意来说 实在是最最糟糕的结果  This is very very very bad for business.
实在太美啦  That was amazing!
星星又回来了  The stars are back.
我都忘记它们有多美了  I forgot how beautiful they are.
快看 325号小行星    你想起来了  Look! Asteroid 325!    You're remembering!
还有326号  And 326!
327号  And 327!
328号  And 328!
你想起来了 你想起来了  It's working! It's working!
快看 B612号小行星  Look! B612!
猴面包树  The baobabs.
你的玫瑰 她在那儿  Your rose! She's there!
抓紧了  Hold on!
你不是要降落吧  You're not gonna try and land, are you?
不 别别别 停下 调头 停下  No, no, no, no! No, no, no! Stop! Stop! Turn around! Stop!
怎么回事  What's happening?
我们在往下掉  We're... We're falling.
你要上哪儿去啊    坐稳了  Where are you going now?    Sit still.
天啊  Oh, Jesus.
我们走  Let's go.
快过来 我找到她了  Over here! Over here! I found her!
看  Look.
我的玫瑰  My rose.
她就是  It's her.
不  No...
不  No...
怎么会这样  No, how can this be?
真的很对不起  I'm so sorry.
你本来应该和她在一起的  You're supposed to be with her.
我也要失去他了  I'm gonna lose him, too.
我会长大  And grow up.
把他的事情彻底忘记  And forget all about him.
彻底忘记 永远  Forget it all, forever.
我不想失去他  I don't want to lose him.
别哭  Don't cry.
你为什么能忍住不哭  How can you not be crying?
我能看到她  I can see her.
她不是普通的玫瑰  She was not a common rose.
她对我来说 是整个宇宙中独一无二的玫瑰  She was the only one of her kind in the whole universe.
我会记得她  I remember her.
记得每个细节  I remember all of it.
她没有消失  She's not gone.
她还在这里  She's still here?
只有用心去看 才能看得真切  It is only with the heart that one can see rightly.
永远和我在一起  He'll always be with me.
现在我懂了  I understand now.
请告诉飞行员 我记得他    我会的  Please tell the Aviator I remember him!    I will!
别忘了  Don't forget.
我不会的  I won't!
我会全都记住的 我保证  I won't forget any of it! I promise.
宝贝  Sweetie?
干嘛  Yeah?
要迟到了    什么 还早呢  We're late.    What? No, we're not.
去学校之前我们要去趟医院  We need to stop by the hospital before school.
一二二 一二三 一二四  122, 123, 124...
就是这儿  OK.
你来了  You're here.
对不起  I'm sorry.
我不应该对你说 那种话  I'm so sorry for what I said.
我想不起你说过什么  I don't even remember.
你真好  That's sweet.
不 我连 你是谁都想不起来了  No, I don't even remember who you are.
骗你的 傻孩子  I got you, didn't I?
我要给你看个东西  I've got something to show you.
这是你做的？  You did this?
我的画 都编好了顺序  All my drawings, all in order?
真是最好的礼物  This is so wonderful.
亲爱的  Sweetheart.
如果你想跟别人制造羁绊  "You run the risk of weeping a little"
就要承受流泪的风险  "if you let yourself get tamed."
你一定会成为 一个出色的大人  You're gonna make a wonderful grown  up.
谢谢  Thank you.
你看过这个了吗  Did you see this?
做的真棒  It's wonderful.
你看 这是狐狸  Look. You see? That's the fox.
我的狐狸  My fox.
你们也许会认为这是一顶帽子 但它不是  You probably think this is a hat, but it's not.
