鲁滨逊漂流记
我转…  Oh, disc it, ah...
我抬… 我的小松饼    坚持住塞西… 别磨磨唧唧的  ah... task it, a buiscuit...    Hold Dr. Ceci... stop your plan it.
我们…  We're...
马上就要…  Almost...
到了…  there...
我们是… 皮影 哈哈哈…  We'll be... shadow puppets, hi, hi, hiii...
也是我的早餐怎么样？  Why haven't got me breakfast yet, either?
喵咪  Catou!
你还皮影？  Shadow puppets?
说真的伙计… 你差点成肉饼了…  Seriously mate... you are one kidney short of a meat pie...
我只是…  I was...
给俺…    快跑  Give me err...    Go!
离俺远一点… 你这个一无是处的毛球  Get off of me... you good for nothing feline... cat!
当英国佬的马仔真心没个好觉  Say you can't even get a nice sleep without some fleery... limey?
右船舵方向有火光  Signal fire off the starboard bow!
火焰求救信号 右船舵  Signal fire, starboard bow!
船长 船长 醒醒了  Captain, captain! Wake up!
醒醒了  You waky, waky!
进攻 泊船 吃俺老孙一棒  Attack! board the ship! here, swashbucklirus, and what is it! oh!
哦 水手长 是你呀  Oh, Bosun, is you?
不好意思扰到您了 船长  Sorry to wake you, captain.
但是在右船舵方向有个小岛在发信号  But there's a signal fire on the small Island off the starboard side.
咱们该怎么做 我好慌  What course of action shall we be taking.
让俺先搂一眼  Let me have a look.
火旁边有东西  Some sort of house on fire.
那是啥呀？  What's this?
停靠 把"小动物"们赶走  Fire abroad side! Drive those bloody beasts off.
得嘞 船长  Aye, aye Captain!
把那小子弄回来  Then go and bring back whoever he is.
还有 水手长  And Bosun...
一定先搜刮干净  Make sure they leave nothing behind of any value.
妥妥的  Will do, captain.
人类？  Humans?
你搁这儿干啥大兄弟  What you go by fellow?
克鲁斯 鲁滨逊·克鲁斯  Crusoe, Robinson Crusoe.
看上去你的晚餐几乎都被"小动物"抢走了  Looks like them wild beasts nearly had you for dinner.
幸亏俺们发现了你  Lucky we found you when we did.
额 他们是我的…    你先等会儿  Oh, they are my...    Hold on a second mate...
咱先看看里面有啥  Let's have a look in there.
连颗金牙都不镶  Not a single gold tooth in his head.
太遗憾了    海贼  Pity...    Pirates!
嘿 你真是走了狗屎运了  Hey, ye've been one lucky bloke.
不是吗 小克鲁斯  Crusoe, isn't?
我欠您个人情 船长  I'm in your debt, Captain.
没事 给俺当守夜人就行咧  Ney! plus me eagle eye nightwatch then saved yer hide.
好了 让俺告诉你 傻鸟  Well, let me tell ye, blasterd bird!
别介 船长 都自己人    别介 船长  No captain, he's with me.    No captain...
自己人  he's with me.
会说话的鹦鹉  A talking parrot.
又搞什么鬼把戏  What skullduggery is this?
谈谈你自己个吧  Trying to talk yerself did ya?
是 船长  Yes captain.
你喝干它  Drink up, that'll start yer stump smith.
快 给俺说说这个岛  Now, tell me more about this island of yarn...
有什么 换句话说 有啥宝贝  Is there anything of... shall we say... value on it?
我只能说…  All I can say is that...
我遭遇海难 被困孤岛  I was shipwrecked, marooned...
在这鬼地方自己努力生存 苟延残喘度日  fending for myself with nothing but time and very few skills to survive.
很抱歉  Sorry about that.
这傻鸟教你喝水  I see the bird has taught ye how to drink as well.
今天不好意思星期二 恐怕你得在外面等了  That's not very polite Tuesday, you'll have to wait outside, I'm afraid.
自己努力生存？  Fending for myself?
骗谁呢  Really?
嗨… 两位不明真相的群众 想听听真实版本吗  Listen... you two wanna hear the true tale of Robinson Crusoe?
哦 当然了 我们很想听  Oh, of... sure, we're all ears,
至少楼下肯定是    得了吧拉夫…  or at least Cecil here is.    Hey, come on, Ruf...
这得从克鲁斯来俺们岛上那天说起了  It all begin like every other day before Crusoe came to my island.
就跟平常的美好时光一样啦  Just another day in paradise, every day was the same.
碧水蓝天 还有美味的水果相伴  Beautiful turquoise water, blue skies and lots of delicious fruit.
听着挺好是吧  Sounds perfect right?
你要是问这有啥呀  Boring if you ask me.
鸟眼中的极乐世界能有多好  How much paradise can a bird take.
其实这地儿老子早就不想待了  I really wanted to get off this island.
看看今天有啥冲上来了  Let's see what's been washed up today?
当然了 能有啥  Of course, more of these.
这是啥  What's this?
这玩意应该有点用  This can be promising.
嘿伙计们 出来野餐了  Hey guys, it is lool out time
好的 马上到  Hey, ah... be right there.
来 罗丝 看看这些吃的  Hi Rosie, check out these delicious traits.
棒极了 真是棒极了  Gorgeous, just gorgeous.
就是有堆小虫子  Just look at all those bugs.
甲虫是最棒的了  The beetles are the best.
酥脆的外壳 胶质甜美的肉质  Crunchy on the outside, with a soft gooey center.
嘿 你去哪  Hey, where did it go?
我的虫子    小偷  My kind of vermin.    You thief.
卡梅龙 这可不好  Carmello, that wasn't very nice.
今天你出来野餐吗 我们都等着呢  Aren't you joining us for a lool out today Mac? , we're all here.
好的 我马上到 我们有必要每天都野餐吗  Yeah, I'll be right there, do we really need to lool out every day?
你今天带什么了  So, what did you bring today?
我不确定  I'm not sure what it is.
我猜是今天野餐的食物  I meant food for the lool out.
他才不会带东西出来呢  Of course he didn't bring anything for the lool out.
这太美了  This is beautiful.
嘿 伙计们 我这次真的找到一个重要的东西  Hey, guy, guys, I think I really found something important this time
快看看  Check this out!
哪呢 啥  Where? What?
皮包骨子 你真是个明眼瞎    在这儿呢  Scrubby, you're really going blind.    Over here!
哦 闻起来不错  Oooh! smells delicious.
别别 这不是吃的  No, no, is not food.
这证明 天外有天 楼外有楼  It's proof that there's more to the world than just our island.
又来了  Oh, here we go again.
真的  It's true.
我们这下能安静的开吃了吗  Can't we just eat in peace for once.
当然 没问题 只要告诉我这东西从哪来的  Sure, no problem, just as long as you can tell me where this came from.
从水里  From the water.
我支持卡梅龙  I vote for Carmello.
我也支持卡梅龙  I too vote for Carmello.
"我也支持卡梅龙" 行了 这又不是让你们投票  I too vote for Carmello. Oh, come on, this isn't election.
如果我没猜错的话是…    是啥？  The thing in the bobble is... is...    Is what?
你想知道我怎么想的吗  You know what I think, Mac?
你想它是啥它就是啥  That thingy is whatever you want to believe it is.
没错  Exactly
你就是在无药可救的做白日梦  You are one hopeless dreamer.
你忘了你差点死在…  Did you forget you almost died of exhaustion...
企图穿过海洋寻找…  flying across the ocean...
你幻想世界的路上  looking for this other world of yours.
我亲爱的迈克 醒醒吧  My dear macaw, you must wake up
闻闻番石榴的香气  and smell the papaya.
这才是我们的世界  For this is the world.
我才不管你们说什么  I don't care what you guys say,
我肯定天外有天  there's a bigger world out there
而我一定找到它  and I intend to find it.
俺是皇家海盗  I ply my trade from the Union Jack!
威震七洋四海  upon the seven seas
口啖腐肉面不改色  and unless I eat some rancid meat
一定把我埋在那人鱼港湾  bury me soul where the mermaid please
我要让敌人面如土灰  I wanna be mat makers of that green around the gills.
俺们才不会因为你就停下来 娘娘腔  We ain't anchoring to be sharing your lunch with you, lad.
不好意思 我不是个做水手的料  Sorry, I'm not much of a sailor.
这你倒说对了  You're there right.
你就好好干 清楚自己几斤几两  If you're fixing the up jock find your way down we...
我的帽子  My hat.
看你可怜的小肚子 等会儿找个小岛  Your poor stomach, you see... wait 'till you get to them strange islands...
让你见见食人族酋长  and you meet your first cannibals.
食人族？  Cannibals?
我们自己选的路 对吧 老伙计  We made our choice to goto sea, right, easy old bay?
跪着也要走完  And I swear, I'll not regret it.
老猫 给本喵弄点吃的去  Alright, go and bring me something to eat.
好的 我绝不会让你失望的  Right May, I wont fail you.
天不错呀 咕咕咕的小笨鸡们 跟我去下午茶怎么样  Good day, you lucky clucks will you join me for a little snack?
来嘛  Come on now.
别害羞呀 老妹儿  No need to be shy.
我给你做个按摩  I'll chop you...
你在上面干什么  What business might you be having above decks?
我只是给我的鸡肉们  I was just making sure my chicken food.
我是说朋友们  He, he, he... friends...
保鲜  were fresh.
额不 保暖  No, warm...
温暖又舒适  warm and confy...
离我远点 毛球 不  Get your fur over there... not!
躲猫猫？  So, then, where were we?
走开  Knock it off
你们应该在下面 离鸡远一点  You cats belong down below, and stay away from our chickens.
这才对  That goes for you as well!
这小白脸以为自己是谁  Who does that green gill land lover thinks he is?
人类 用我们运赃的  The huminus, threw us into the haul?
这是我们的破船 我们的家  This is our ship wretched as it is, it's home.
本喵发誓 总有一天  Mark my word now, someday, somehow,
那只大脚板和人类要付出代价  that canine and his human will pay.
我永远支持你 让他们付出代价  I'm with you there mate, they'll pay alright.
但是我们该怎么整他们？  How much exactly we're charging them?
真该教会他们别乱来 对吧老伙计  That should teach them to mess with our egg supply... hey old boy!
啊 不 又来  Oh, no, not again.
诶呦 不错哦  Buck up, boy yo?
看上去周二的暴风雨要来了  Ah, looks like we got one tuesday of a storm brewing.
恬静的早餐泡汤了  So much for a peaceful meal.
没人能预见到会这样 抓紧了 卡梅龙  Oh, nobody saw that one coming, hang on Carmello!
或许我们应该去东边的洞穴  Perhaps it would be wise to move this far east to the cave.
行动吧 路可不好走  Let's get moving, this is gonna be a nasty one.
都听你的  I'm with you on that call.
嘿 迈克 把菠萝捎上  Hey, Mac, grab the pineapple.
说的跟这玩意有用似的  Like we really needed this pineapple.
快把帆落下来  Oh, hands on deck, and get those sails down.
嘿 小伙子 快爬上来  Hey you self homemade, mister ride up the storm there.
安斯利  Aynsley!
抓住你了  I got you.
嘿 嘿  Hey, hey!
救命  Help!
救命  Help!
小心 有菠萝飞过来了  Look out, flying away pineapple!
对不起 潘戈  Sorry Pango.
小心 罗丝    我抓住了  Careful Rosie.    I got it!
皮包骨  Scrubby!
救救救命  Heeeeelp!
快 罗丝 上树…  Quick Rosie, the tree!
放松 不要慌  Easy Scrubby, don't panic.
好啦 抓住你了  Ok, I got you now.
来吧老山羊 动动你的蹄子  Well, come on you old goat, get your hooves moving.
我们不能一直这样  We ain't got all day.
这就对了  That's it!
放松 别害怕  Eeeaasy... don't be afraid.
一步一步来  One step at a time.
哦    皮包骨    救命  Ooohh!    Scrubby!    Help!
他快不行了 做点什么呀  He's not going to make it, do something!
卡梅龙 抓住他  Carmello, grab him.
我抓住他他他他…  I got hiiiiim... !
救救…救命  He... He... Heeeelp!
我们在这儿 来人呀  Help! we're in here! Someone help!
救命  Help!
走开  Away!
复仇时刻  Payback time!
我撑不住了 梅龙 我们完了吗小兄弟？  I can't hold on 'mello, this is the end little buddy?
没时间了 他们会掉下去的  There's not much time, they're gonna fall.
稳住 我来了兄弟  Keep steady, I'm coming mates.
潘戈 你在做什么  Pango, what are you doing?
喔  Oohh!
怎么样 伙计  How's it going mate?
不错的尝试 然并卵 我死定了  Nice try Pango, but is hopeless, I'm a goner.
迈克  Mac!
坚持住  Hold on! Hold on!
来吧 我会带你们离开的  Come on, come on, come on! I'll get you guys out of there!
我们得做点什么  Ooohh! we have to do something!
迈克  Mac!
雪上加霜  This just went from bad to worse.
别担心 这树干看着挺结实  Hey, don't worry guys, that branch looks pretty solid to me
是啊 可咱们怎么下去  Right, but how do we get down?
你有我呀  You got me there.
难以置信  Oh, I can't believe it.
他们还活着    太神奇了  They're alive!    It's a miracle.
有人想来个菠萝吗  Hey, anybody wants some pineapple?
你听到什么了吗  Do you hear that sound?
外面怎么了 迈克  What's out there, Mac?
我也不知道  I have no idea.
以前从没听到过  Never heard a sound like that before.
看见什么了吗  Can you see anything?
没有 恐怕我们得等到明天早上了  Not a thing, unfortunately, we're gonna have to wait until morning.
还是老样子  Same old stuff.
除了贝壳还是贝壳  Shells and more shells.
鼓鼓的 去他的…  Swollen... begones.
这是新味道… 一股土味儿带点咸口  That's a new taste... earthy, with a slight touch of salt.
来吧 来爸爸这儿  Come on, come tu papa!
嘿 皮包骨 你找到什么了  Hey, Scrubs... what'd you find?
你在吃什么  What is it you're eating?
我不知道 反正挺好吃的  I don't know, but it's delicious.
皮包骨 你就是这么收集的  Oh, Scrubs... you don't collect stuff like this.
我的鼻子告诉我这块礁石更好吃  My nose tells me there's more goodies at that rocky point.
看这个    木毛虫  Oh, look at that?    Wooden Ca... terpillars.
看 我是对的  See, I was right.
这是另一个世界存在的最好证明  This is the most incredible proof that there's another world out there.
不 看你后面  No, look behind you?
什么看我后面  What are you talking about, behind me?
不敢相信  I can't believe it.
这就是昨晚吵得我们要死的声音  Is the thing we heard dying last night.
你觉得这是啥  What do you think it is?
另一个世界  The other world.
我得近距离观察一下    迈克 别 我们不知道这是啥  I have to get a closer look.    Mac don't, we have no idea what it is.
危险怎么办 迈克  If it's dangerous, Mac?
这太棒了 我是对的  This is amazing, I was right!
我就知道 我就知道 我就知道  I knew it, I knew it, I knew it!
它来自另一个世界  This is from the other world!
我从没见过这些  I've never seen anything like this.
不可思议  Incredible!
迈克该小心点  Mac should be more careful.
潘戈是对的 距离产生美  Pango is right! we should keep our distance.
这… 这… 这怎么回事  whaaa... wha... wha... what's going on?
放轻松 不管你是啥 我只想聊聊天  Easy now, whatever you are. I just want to talk.
是怪物？  See monsters?
哇哦 成这熊样了  Wow! look at this. This heart makes me shoot leftings.
你好 有人吗  Hello, is anyone out there?
有人听到我说话吗  Hey, can anybody hear me?
看啊  Oh, look at it!
船长？博森？有人吗？  Captain? , Bosen? , anyone?
丑的挺均匀  It's hideous!
他们去哪了  Where did they all go.
真不敢相信所有人都消失了  I can't believe everyone is really gone.
看上去这儿就剩咱俩了  Looks like there's just the two of us.
咱们上岸吧  Let's go to shore.
抓紧了安斯利 海浪挺猛的  Hang on Aynsley. The current is really strong.
为什么我的眼里常含泪水？因为我对这土地爱得深沉…  Land, sweet land! Is so good to be alive Aynsley.
你大爷炸了吧 海怪都上岸了  Pot your uncle, sea monsters walking on land?
我们麻烦大了  Oh, oh! We're in big trouble.
只有一种生物有两条腿  Only one thing has two legs.
鸟  A bird!
可也没见过长这德行的鸟呀  That ain't no bird I've ever seen.
对啊 他都不会飞  Yeah, he can't even fly.
这怪物要去吃卡梅龙  That monster is going to eat Carmello.
怎么了安斯利  What's going on Aynsley?
我们得做点什么  We gotta do something, now!
快 来点噪音  Hurry, make as much noise as you can.
我们得把海怪吓跑  We have to scare those sea monsters off.
回来安斯利  Come back here Aynsley.
来我身边 咱们不知道这儿有啥  Stay close together, we don't know what's out there.
什么情况  What was that?
安斯利 安斯利 噪音是怎么回事  Aynsley? , Aynsley what's that noise?
食人族 安斯利 食人族  Cannibals! Aynsley cannibals!
我们得离开这个岛  We have to get off this island.
水手警告过我们  Sailor warned us.
他们会把咱们生吞活剥的 快 老伙计 他们来了  They'll skin us alive and eat us. Hurry old boy, they're coming for us!
到里面去 安斯利 快 快  Get inside Aynsley, go boy, go, there.
伙计们 你们干啥  Guys, guys, guys, what are you doing?
吓走海怪呀 没看出来吗  Scaring off the sea monsters, thank you very much.
可如果他们不是海怪呢  And what if they aren't sea mosnters.
你看到那只毛毛怪的獠牙了吗  Did you see the furry one's teeth?
他会把咱们撕成碎片的  He'll reap us to shreds.
都冷静点 我们很安全    安全？  Everybody calm down, we're safe here.    Are we?
我们都不知道那些怪物要干啥  We really don't know what those creatures are capable of.
我知道他们要干啥 离岛  I know one thing they are capable of... leaving the island.
什么？  What?
不 别呀 别这么对我  Oh, no, come on, this can't be happening to me.
他真的要走了  He's actualy leaving.
我们成功了 咱们把他赶走了  We did it, we got rid of him.
是啊 咱们真吓人  Yeah, we scared them big time.
有人想告诉我是怎么回事吗  Will somebody tell me what's happening?
我告诉你们是怎么回事  I'll tell you what's going on...
你们几个刚刚毁了我探索新世界的计划  you guys have ruined my chance to get off this island and see the world.
你们不会懂的 你们觉得这儿是天堂 但这儿不是  You really don't get it, do you? You think this is paradise, well, it is not.
这对我很重要  It meant so much to me.
他回来啦    哦不 我们再吓跑他  He's back.    Oh no, here we go again.
回来？真的？让我看看  Back? , are you serious? , let me see.
咱们就在这儿 别被发现  Here's what we're gonna do, we stay out of sight.
然后 静观其变  And... we keep an eye on them.
看看他们到底要干啥 好吗  To see what they end up doing, ok?
谁都别去海滩 你也是 皮包骨  Ok, then, nobody goes on the beach, that goes for you too Scrubby.
我听见了  He, yeah, I heard you.
连饭都不让好好吃了  Didn't even get to finish my breakfast.
这些新味道真是让我饥渴难耐  All of those new smells are driving me crazy.
我得去看看  I gotta go check it out.
你要去哪 皮包骨  Where are you going Scrubby?
回来 那儿不安全  Sssh, come back! It's not safe out there.
识食物者为俊杰  Hmm... can't let all those tasty mussels get washed away.
迈克不是说我们不能让人发现吗  If I recall correctly didn't Mac say we should all stay out of sight.
是呀  He did.
话说回来 迈克呢  Speaking of which, where is Mac?
今天真不好意思老朋友 今天太倒霉了  Sorry about today old friend, that was a pretty inactive attempt.
我怎么想的 我都不知道这是什么鬼地方  What was I thinking? , I haven't the foggiest idea where we are.
连海上都回不去  All for that matter, the slightest inkling in which direction to set sail.
一定会有人来救咱们的 老伙计  Someone is bound to come and save us old boy.
我肯定  I'm sure of it.
如果食人族回来 我们会有办法应付的  If those cannibals come back, we'll be ready for them.
谁在外面  Who's out there?
我叫你一声你敢不敢应  Show yourselves!
我可不想把你撕成碎片  I don't want to tear you to shreds.
我可是有把枪  And I have a musket.
咩  Beeeeee
山羊 只是一只山羊啊…  A goat? oh, It's just a goat...
一只鸟 或许这儿可没什么猎人或者食人族  A bird? , maybe there aren't hunters and cannibals after all.
迈克 你一个人在外面干什么  Mac, what were you doing out there all by yourself?
我以为你说我们要藏起来  I thought you said we should stay hidden.
我就是去侦查一下 有什么情况吗  I was just... checking things out, that's all. What's all the commotion about anyway.
普格有个想法  Well, Epi just made a good point.
我只是建议 假设而已 有没有可能  I just suggested, hypothetically, that possibly the sea monster...
迈克找到的东西是海怪的  lost that thing that Mac jiffy found.
他可能只是想找回来    把我们也一块捎上  And maybe he's come to get it back.    Along with us.
两个可能 巧合 或者 凶兆  Is one of two things for sure... a coincidence, or a baaad omen.
反正你得把东西扔了  In a way you need to get rid of it.
为什么不把东西还给海怪  Why not just give it back to the sea monsters.
好主意    没门  A "G" idea.    No way!
啥 啥 啥    你在逗我  Wha... wha... wha...    You're kidding!
别那么自私    自私？  You're so selfish.    Selfish?
好吧 给我点时间让我好好想一想  Ok, maybe. Just give me time to think about it.
但是如果我去还了 你们也得一起来  But if I do give it back, you're all coming with me.
好吧  Well...
我们就在这儿安斯利  We're right there Aynsley.
开工了  We got some work to do.
我们把东西都找回来  Let's save all we can before is all lost to the sea.
他看上去如何  How is he looking mate?
他们占领了我们的海滩  They're taking over our beach.
从海里拖来些不明物  He's pulling strange stuff out from the sea.
我猜这意味着他们一时半会儿走不开了  I suppose this means they're not leaving anytime soon, then.
看来是的  Looks that way.
你看到没 毛毛怪一直在睡 大个子一直在干活  Do you see how the furry one sleeps all day while the big one does the work.
没有 但我听见你这么说了  No, but I'll take your word for it.
我打赌 睡觉的那个是老板  I bet the sleeping one is the boss.
看 他蜕皮了  Look, he stripped off his skin.
额 太恶心了  Ugh... I'm going to be sick.
那时我们谁也不知道是怎么回事  None of us knew it at the time,
但却被真正的怪物在岛上注视着  but we were being watched by the real monsters on the island
我问一句 梅  Some luck May...
小白脸和他的老相好在那儿好好待着  their green gill human and his manking mock mating safety here.
我们怎么吧 他是个威胁  How are we gonna deal with him, he might be a problem for us.
你别叨叨了 我很快就会想出好办法来解决他  Don't you worry, I'll figure out a way to get rid of them quick enough
现在我们静观其变  For the time being we sit, watch and wait.
哦 好了吧 梅 我快饿死了  Oohh, come on May, I'm starving here.
老娘刚才说啥了  And cut to what I just say!
静 观 其 变  Sit, watch and wait.
这就对了 好好待着  That's right, now stay focused.
我们可是占据有利地形  We got the upper claw.
没人知道我们在这儿 意思就是说我们找准时机  No one knows we're here, which means we take our time...
逐个击破  and we pick them off one by one.
哈 看 安斯利 趁手的兵器  Ha, look Aynsley, this can come in very handy
我得练习一下 一会儿给咱俩开开荤 好吗  I gotta to practice before we venture out there to get our dinner, right boy!
俺是皇家海盗  I ply my trade from the Union Jack!
威震七洋四海  upon the seven seas
口啖腐肉面不改色  unless I eat some rancid meat
一定要把我埋在那人鱼港湾  bury me soul where the mermaid please
稳住  Steady!
他在干什么    嘘  What's he doing?    Shh.
扳动击铁 然后…  Back your hammer, and...
我不知道你怎么想的 皮包骨  I don't know about you Scrubby,
我准备离这怪物远一点  but I'm planning on stayting as far away from that monster as possible.
刚才那是啥    一脸茫然  What was that all about?    I have absolutely no idea.
我们得搞清楚这些新来的想要干啥  What we need to find out, is what these newcomers intentions are,
听起来不怎么友好  From the sound of it, they're up to no good
很明显 他们想杀了我们    或许是 或许不是  Obviously they're trying to kill us.    Maybe, but maybe not.
事实是这些新来的  The truth of the matter is that these newcomers
会给天堂岛带来灾难 这才是真的  have brought nothing but trouble to our paradise, that is a fact.
好吧 那就照我说的做 隐蔽起来  Fine, then do like I ask, and stay out of sight.
他们证明另一个世界的存在  they're proof that there's another world out there
我会搞清楚是敌是友的  and I'm going to find out whether they're friend or foe.
你还是没搞清楚状况  You really don't get it, do you!
差一点  That was close!
好的 咱们再试一次  Ok, let's give this a go, one last time.
看到了吗 安斯利 我成功了 正中靶心  Oh! Did you see that Aynsley! I did it, I hit the mark!
找点吃的去吧 老伙计  Let's go fix something to eat, old boy.
太神奇了 我没想到我能打中  That was a miracle, I'd never thought I'd hit it.
这个 我应该能打中点什么吧…  Well... I can hit something after all...
刚开始认为大家是错的  I was starting to wonder if everyone wasn't right,
新世界就在这儿 但我不知道我是不是准备好接受他  the new world was finally here and I had no idea if I was ready for it or not.
从没见过这啥的貘  Tapir's ready as i've ever seen.
咬喉咙 直截了当  Go for the throat, let's make this quick
等等 是人类  Wait, the human!
我做不到 去它的  Oh, I can't do it boy, go on, shuu, go!
现在怎么办  What now?
抱歉伙计  Sorry pal,
我从没射过什么东西 咱还是试试鱼吧  I've never shot anything before, why don't we try fishing.
什么东西糊了  What's burning?
是本喵  That would be me.
你闻起来想块松饼  You smell like bump biscuits.
嘘 有人来了  Shh, something's coming.
好像罗丝原来在这儿  Looks like Rosie was here, that's strange,
罗丝从来不会剩下食物  Rosie never leaves any food behind.
你更喜欢重口味还是小清新？亲爱的  Would you prefer light or dark meat for lunch, darling?
我更喜欢… 狗  I prefer... Dog!
吃点苦头吧 猫咪  Ready to get even, ratter!
坚持住 我来了  Hold Aynsley, I'm coming,
这些坏猫 它们也活下来了  those blasted ratters, they did survive after all.
躺枪了  I'm hit!
快跑  Run for it!
好狗狗  Good dog!
还好吧 老伙计  You're alright old boy?
你听到什么了吗  Did you I hear that?
在这儿  Over there!
是只鸟 一只漂亮的鹦鹉  It's a bird, a beautiful parrot.
怪事天天有 今天特别多  Strangely, that's what all the fuss was about
那些猫想吃它  The ratters went after the bird.
你做的很好 老伙计 至于你 让我们把你治好  You did good old boy, and you, we're gonna fix you up straight away.
看 安斯利 戒指 只能证明一件事  Look Aynsley! a ring! that can only mean one thing
水手们来过这座岛  Sailors have sail for this island before
我们还有希望  I believe there's hope for us after all.
出来吧伙计们 外面没人  You can come out guys, there's no one around.
太黑了 啥也看不见  It's too dark, I can't see a thing.
这就是海怪袭击的案发现场  This is the very spot where that sea monster attack me.
好吧 是有点…  Well, sort of...
哦 我都快…  Oh! I've almost...
我们不该让他一个人待着  We shouldn't have let him go alone.
可能他在脱毛  Maybe he's molting.
脑洞真大 潘戈  That's a bit of a stretch Pango.
待着别动 让我踩踩  Just wait 'till I get my hooves on them!
不管我们看到的是什么 都不是什么好事  Anyway you look at it, this is not good.
迈克不会死的  Mac can't be gone.
什么人  What's that?
你们来是谁  And who are you two?
只是两个无家可归的流浪儿  Just two homeless castaways,
我们被人类囚禁数月之久  we were held captive by that human for months
除了从他们桌上掉下来的碎屑 什么都没得嘞  with nothing to eat but the crumbs from his table.
我们的朋友呢  What about our friend?
你们不会正巧看到他了吧  Did you see him by any chance?
真是个悲剧啊  Oh, It's a true tragedy, alright.
确实太不幸了  Oh, an unfortunate turn of events.
我们刚抓着…  You see we caught... !
我们目睹了打斗  We saw the hosting.
好吧 来吧 让我们听听  Well, come on, let's hear it.
还等什么  What are you waiting for?
我们会告诉你你们的朋友发生了什么  We'll tell you what happened to your friend.
但要警告你们 画面可不好看  For I'm warning you, it ain't pretty.
你明白的 人类就是喜欢吃鸟  You see, the human loves to eat birds,
恐怕你的朋友已经  and I'm afraid your friend got...
身陷囹圄了  trapped.
就一会儿的事儿 只是脱臼了  This should only take a minute, It's just dislocated.
就是有点疼  But... it's going to hurt, a bit.
别担心  Don't worry.
再过一两天 你很快就能飞了  You'll feel better in a day or two, though you won't be able to fly right away.
我猜你需要个名字 你得在这儿待一阵子了  Well then, I suppose you'll need name if you're gonna stay here for a while.
让我看看 今天是星期二  Let's see, by my reckoning today is... tuesday,
这是个好名字 伙计  that's a good a name as any, mate.
你能说"星期二"吗  Can you say... Tuesday.
星 期 二  T u e s d a y
不咋地 可是个好的开始  Well, not quite, but that's a start.
好好照顾你的新朋友 伙计  Take care of our new friend, boy.
我得尽可能的卸货  I'd better offload as much stuff as I can.
我也不知道船得待多久  There's no telling how much the ship will stay in one piece.
他们是食人族    杀人犯  They're nothing but cannibals!    Murderers.
要我说 把他赶出岛  I say we run him off our island
让海怪回他老家去  drive them monsters back into the sea!
或许能想个计划 赶他们去诅咒岛  Perhaps a plan might be to force them to live on curse island.
哦 对 对 对  Oh, yes, yes, yes.
诅咒岛  Curse Island.
什么是诅咒岛  What exactly is Curse Island?
是大地的尽头  Hu, hu, hu, the end of the earth, mate,
没人从那里回来过  no one's ever made it back from there.
是啊 那儿除了虫子还是虫子  Yeah, there's nothing there but bugs.
好多好多恶心的虫子  Lots and lots of nasty bugs!
听起来不错 把他们赶到诅咒岛  Sounds purrrfect, drive them to curse island.
这不行的  That's not gonna work.
你有更好的主意吗  You have a better idea?
没有  No.
好了 下一步 我们干什么  Right, so then, where were we?
别扑腾了 小鸟  Stop your flapping about bird.
你得养伤  You need to be resting that wing of yours.
你想干什么  What do you want from me?
我就随便聊聊 我叫安斯利  I just want to talk. Me name is Aynsley,
据我所知 你叫 星期二  and for what I understand yours is Tuesday.
除了晚餐 你叫我啥都行  Call me whatever you want, except dinner.
晚餐？我们才没准备吃你呢 我们救了你的命  Dinner? , we're not going to eat you, we saved your life.
另外 你的肉还不够塞牙缝的  Either way, you don't make much of a meal.
一点也不像火鸡那先肥厚多汁的家常滋味  Not like a fat, juicy turkey sweetheart back at home.
啥    放轻松  What?    Relax.
我主人喜欢你  My master likes you.
你是说你的主人？   你不会以为  You said, your master?    You did not think that I...
我喜欢你的幽默  I like you, you're funny.
我在英国从没见过你这样的鸟  I've never seen a bird like you in England.
英国  England
再给我说说 安斯利  Tell me more Aynsley.
好吧 老兄 英格兰是本汪的家  Well buddy, England, my island.
美丽的群岛  Just one fantastic place in a sea of many lands.
我就知道  I knew it!
克鲁斯想探索新世界  Crusoe wants to explore them all.
可我们从未离开过英国  If we ever get off this one.
你知道吗 你是第一个到外面世界的家伙  You know, you're the first to come from the outside world.
哦 亲爱的 这可不是什么好消息  Oh dear, ha, ha, ha, that's not good news.
先等一下 我们 都得整成这样吗  Hey, hold on a second, we're all dress up like this... because... ?
这让我们看着很凶猛野蛮 现在开始了  Because you look fierce, now get your heads in the game everyone.
那只鸟和狗都在船上 机不可失  We have the perfect opportunity, the dog and that bird are still on the ship.
好吧  Right.
听好了 计划是这样的  Listen up! here's the plan,
我们对付船上的毛毛怪  we'll deal with the hairy beast on the ship.
剩下的人  The rest of you.
去对付海滩上的人类  Go for the human on the beach.
啥是绵羊？  What is sheep?
就是海滩上的那块木头疙瘩  That wooden thing on the beach.
一到船上 木头疙瘩上  As soon we're on the ship, "the wooden thing".
你们就进攻    然后杀 杀 杀  You attack!    Alright then, fierce, fierce, fierce!
现在我成了一个凶残的椰子了？  So, I'm a fierce coconut?
我得去告诉我的朋友我没事  But I should go tell my friends that I'm ok.
你最好待在这儿 你的翅膀还没痊愈  You better stay put, you're in no condition to fly.
看这个  Well, look at this...
一石二鸟  we can kill two birds with one stone.
又成两只鸟了？  There's two birds now?
闭嘴 跟我来  Oh, shut it, just follow my lead.
看 看 他在这儿  Look, look! that's him.
他把迈克穿在身上当战利品    这可不好  He's wearing Mac like a trophy.    That is so wrong!
进攻 搞定他  Attack! Let's get'em.
安斯利 我们得走了  Aynsley, we gotta go.
外面怎么了 它们都疯了  What's going on out there. They've all got mad.
看上去你的朋友正为你的死复仇呢  It appears as your friends have come to avenge your death.
我没死  I'm not dead!
我们会处理好的 上吧  Oh, we're gonna take care of that... right now.
安斯利 救命  Aynsley! Help!
安斯利  Aynsley!
救命  Help!
有本事下来打一架 胆小鬼  Come on down there and fight!
安斯利  Aynsley!
把它挪开  Twist it!
坚持住 这听起来像    迈克  Hold on, that sounded like...    Mac!
安斯利  Aynsley!
迈克 快出来    卡卡  Mac, get out!    Kiki!
迈克  Mac!
我来了 伙计  I'm coming boy!
坏猫们  Rotten cats!
你们得对此负责  You are to blame for all this!
你必须离开这艘船 伙计  Gotta leave the ship, mate!
安斯利    快走  Aynsley!    Go!
怎么回事 我想迈克死了  What's happening here? I thought Mac was dead.
我们尽力了 但他可能死了  We all did, but I don't think he made it this time.
太可怕了  That would be horrible...
走吧伙计们 我们得回去了  Come on guys, we better move back now.
哦 不 安斯利 我做了什么  Oh no, Aynsley, what have I done.
上岸了 上岸了  Land... Land!
我们安全了 伙计 我以为我们挂了  We're safe, mate, I thought we were goners.
你就不能安静会儿  Oh, will you just shut up!
什么声音    像是虫子  What's that noise?    That would be bugs.
虫子    诅咒之岛  Bugs!    Curse Island!
安息吧 老朋友  Rest in peace old boy.
星期二  Tuesday.
嘿 迈克    卡卡  Pss, Mac!    Kiki!
迈克 你受伤了  Mac, you're hurt!
我没事 很高兴见到你  I'll be ok. I'm sure glad to see you.
我担心死你了    我也是  I was worried.    Me too.
走吧 趁机逃跑吧  Come on, now is your chance to get away
我不能    让我帮帮你  I can't.    Well, let me help you.
不 不 不 我只是还不想离开  No, no, no, I just, I don't, want to get away.
什么？   你不懂 都是那些猫的错  What?    You don't understand, is all those cats fault.
你什么意思    它们攻击了我 而他治好了我的翅膀  What do you mean...    They attacked me, he fixed my wing.
而且他的狗为我而死  And his dog gave his life to save me.
我不能就这么离开他  I can't leave him now
哦 我明白了  Oh, I see.
那 他会照顾你吗  So, he's going to take care of you?
他需要我的帮助才能活下来  Look, he's gonna need my help to survive.
我欠他的  I owe him that.
是啊 那你准备怎么做 看看他  Exactly, how do you plan on doing that? I mean, look at him.
啊 星期二 救我  Ah! Tuesday! Help!
真不敢相信那些猫利用我们和迈克  I don't believe it, those cats used us and Mac as well,
而我们做了什么？袭击人类  and what do we do? We attacked the human.
等等先  Hold on, then.
你是说卡卡犯了个低级错误  So, what you're saying is Kiki's debrained fault on this.
真要命  Oh, fatal.
这不公平 我们以为迈克死了  That's not fair, we all thought Mac was dead.
不是吗    噢 这可不太好 伙计  Didn't we?    Oh, this is not good, mate.
是啊 我们把事情搞得一团糟  Yeah, we've made a real mess of things.
别这么想普格姑娘  Looks that way Epi gal.
你又去哪 罗丝    我要去解决这一团糟  Where are you going Rosie?    I'm going to clean up our mess.
我加入    让我们把事情做好 伙计们  I'm in!    Let's get cracking then, mate.
等等  Wait a second.
你们只会让事情变得更糟  You're going to make an even bigger mess of things.
野兽 它们要来伤害我们  Wild beasts, they're going to get us!
呆在这儿  Stay right where you are.
我给你们找了点好吃的  I've got a special treat for all of you.
我只是想给你们点松饼 就这样  I just wanted to give you some biscuits, that's all.
它们很不错的  They're quite good.
我们做掉了你的狗 人类  I finished off your dog human
本喵发誓总有一天你们也都一样  and I promise one day you and the rest of your lot will join him.
现在 是绝望的滋味  Now that, is the taste of desperation.
尝尝这个 鸡肉味的虫子  Try to get one, they taste just like chicken.
你想给我看什么  What, do you want to show me something?
好吧 走吧  Alright, let's go!
星期二  Tuesday.
太棒了  This is fantastic.
干净的淡水  Fresh water.
做得好 星期二  Good job... Tuesday.
什么 你想让我跟着你  What? You want me to follow you?
好的 我就来  Okay, I'm coming!
嗨 伙计们 看看谁来了  Hey guys, look who's here.
放轻松 没什么可怕的  Relax... there's nothing to be afraid of.
待在这儿别动 我马上回来  Stay right where you are, I'll be right back.
他脑子有坑吗 为什么要跑  What got into him, why is he running away?
我不知道    可能是你的体味  Beats me.    Maybe it's your smell.
试试看 很不错的  Try one of these, it's really good.
这个给你 试试看  And some for you, and try.
太难讨好了 那只漂亮的小翠鸟呢  So choosy, where's pretty bird.
怎么没见到她  I haven't see her yet.
漂亮的小翠鸟  Pretty bird.
不用叫我 迈克 我是说 星期二  You don't need to yell Mac, I mean Tuesday.
我就在这儿    给你 漂亮的小翠鸟  I'm right here.    Here you have pretty bird.
给你 看到没 我不会伤害你的  Here, do you see, I don't hurt you.
来吧 别害羞  Come on, don't be afraid.
来吧 漂亮的小翠鸟  Come on pretty bird.
好吧 日久才生情嘛  Well, friendships aren't made in a day.
一步一步来吧 真难讨好  Taking one step at a time, right choosy.
一步  One step.
臣妾做不到啊 海浪太猛了  I can't May, the current is too strong.
所以你又失败了  So, you failed again, did you?
别唉声叹气的  Would you stop feeling sorry for yourself?
时机将会来临  Oh, time will come.
很快我们就不孤单了  Soon there will be more of us.
复仇的快感 让我欲罢不能  Revenge will be sweet.
好疼  That hurt.
你看不到东西吗 老山羊  Ah, you can't see a bloody thing, can you old goat?
让我们处理一下  We're gonna have to fix that.
给你  There you are.
应该有用  That should help.
为什么罗丝你不是一只猪  Why Rosie, you're no pig.
你脑子进地沟油吧  Hey, what has gotten into you?
你是那样地美 美得象一首抒情诗  You're gorgeous?
你是瞎了吗  Easy big boy.
不 不  No, no.
哦不 星期二 救我  Oh no. Tuesday help.
嘿 伙计们  Hey guys!
当我没说  Nevermind.
根本没用的  This is hopeless.
我怎么才能在这岛上活下来  How am I ever going to survive in this island?
对 没错 就是这样  Yes, of course, that's it!
我得做个树屋  I have to build a tree house!
枝如雨下  It's raining tree limbs.
这个可以吃  Is good enough to eat.
眼见为食啊  Is there anything you wouldn't eat?
嘿 慢性子 他在干什么  Hey snail, what's he doing?
不怕神一样的对手,就怕猪一样的队友  Come on mate, he's just bunkers on us.
他快把这树毁了  He's destroying the tree.
昏昏欲睡 心惶惑无以自主  I can't saw more...
我得把它完成… 必须…  Need to finish shelter... we must build...
来碗满满的麦片粥… 好吗  Yes Sir. a whole porridge... please.
我们都不知道克鲁斯在说什么  We had no clue what Crusoe was up to.
什么锯 什么粥  Sawing... porridge...
就像潘戈说的 他就是智障儿童欢乐多  Yep, as Pango would say, he was bonkers to the max.
你好了吗 梅  Are you coming along May.
我能瞧一眼吗  Can I have just a little peak?
乖乖等着 我正收拾它们呢  Can you just wait, I'm cleaning them up.
你能告诉我小家伙有多大吗  Well could you at least tell me how big a litter we have?
恐怕要喂不过来了  More than we'll ever be able to feed, I'm afraid.
挺萌的  You look kittie...
好疼  That's smart.
我在这儿工作呢 别处吃去  I'm trying to work here, go eat somewhere else.
以这效率 我永远也完不成  At this rate, I'll never get this built.
我叫你走开啦  I told you, go!
当我没说  Ah, nevermind.
我什么忙都没帮上  What I wouldn't give for an extra set of hands.
因为我们根本不清楚  For all his pounding and sawing we
他到底在敲什么  couldn't figure what he was actually doing.
怎么了  What is going on?
逗我呢吧    我不能怪罗丝  Really?    I couldn't blame Rosie.
痒了你就得挠  When you got an itch, you gotta scatch it.
可怜的克鲁斯可不是这么想的  The poor Crusoe he didn't see it that way.
他已经受不了了  He has had enough.
现在我知道这是啥了 鸟巢  and that's when it hit me... a nest...
嘿 伙计们  Hey, guys.
我已经搞清楚他要干啥了  I've figured out what he was doing...
如何傻的有水平？  Making an ass?
他在做一个窝  His building a shelter.
我们才不跟你犯傻呢 老兄    我是说他在做一个巢  We don't follow you mate.    He's building a nest.
巢    意思是说他是只鸟  A nest?    So he is a bird.
皮包骨  Scrubs.
他要在树上做一个人类的巢  He's building a human nest in the tree.
好像挺聪明的  Pretty clever.
我从没在树上睡过觉  I've never slept in a tree.
如果他在树上储存粮食 那你肯定就去了  If he stocks it with food, you'll sleep in a tree.
说得好 伙计们 我有个主意 我们帮帮他怎么样  Good point, so guys, I got an idea, what do you say we help'm out.
帮他做个巢  Get this nest of his built.
我真是个憨货 居然以为能凭一己之力就…  I must've been crazy, thinking I can build all this by my...
造好…  self...
其实我们根本不知道自己该做什么  We didn't really have any idea what we were getting into.
我们只是尽我们所能而已  We just figure let's help, use whatever abilities we had and hoped it all worked.
我的个乖乖龙叮咚  I 'll be gobsmacked.
慢慢地 慢慢地  Slowly, slowly.
慢慢地 慢慢地  Slowly, slowly.
快好了 就差一点了  That's it, just a little more.
嗨 普格 你这水果哪来的  Hi Epi, where are you headed with all that food?
我需要帮助  I need a little help here guys.
你就是这么帮的  Not that kind of help.
好痒  It tickles.
等等普格 肚子饿得咕咕叫了  Epi hold up, I'm starving.
救命  Help.
屋漏偏逢连夜雨 船迟又遇打头风  Things didn't always go smoothly and we had our ups and downs.
这没办法  That's for sure.
但大伙都精神抖擞哩  But everyone was in fine spirits
克鲁斯也看上去  and Crusoe seemed...
额… 很开心  well... happy.
他还给普格和潘戈做了个滑稽的门  He made a funny little door for Epi and Pango to get into the nest.
真是机智啊  It was a pretty good idea.
可能还得修缮一下  After a few modifications that is.
我们已经成了一个不可分割的集体 都玩起了克鲁斯发明的游戏  We became a real team, playing all these funny games Crusoe came up with.
他疯主意可多了 比如在地里捉迷藏  He had all sorts of crazy ideas oh, and hide and seek in the ground.
克鲁斯吃东西也很滑稽 他居然剥皮吃  Crusoe had a funny way of eating, he peeled the fruit.
吃的慢可吃不着  And boy did he eat slow.
人无完人 克鲁斯确实花了不少时间  It took quite a while but despite his ackwardness and all of his flaws
完全打消我们对他的怀疑  Crusoe surprised even the most skeptical among us.
来吧 上来吧 小心脚下  That's it, that's it, watch your step.
我刚把咱新家装修好  I've just put the finishing touches on our new home.
新家 稍等一下  New home, hold it right there,
一般为基督教入教仪式 有洗去污秽 承认耶稣之意
我们应该先进行个洗礼仪式  first thing we must do is christen the place.
据说能带来好运的  It's good luck you know.
我宣布…  I christen thee.
没关系啦  Oh, nevermind.
这也算布道了  The preach is for us.
看看这个  Wow, now look at that.
美不胜收啊  It's so beautiful.
万岁 万岁  Hip, hip, hooray!
他怎么发出这么难听的声音的  What in the world is that noise he's making?
皮包骨饿疯时就这声儿  Sounds like Scrubby when he needs food.
不堪入耳啊 咱们快走吧  It's painful mate, let's get out of here.
我觉得挺好听  Personally, I think it sounds beautiful.
开趴儿不叫我们  A party and we weren't invited.
你能来一下吗  Now, could you come here.
我饿得前胸贴后背了    来喽  I'm starving here.    Coming.
你也知道以我现在的状态不能捕猎  You know how difficult it is in my condition to hunt right now.
你想出去另一个岛的办法了吗  Have you tried to make it to the other island lately.
梅 你也知道的 上次我差点淹死  Oh May, you know the last time I'd tried I almost drowned.
恐怕我们和虫子蜘蛛被困在这儿了  I'm afraid we're just stuck with just the bugs and spiders.
他们看起来挺好吃的  They sound delicious.
快给我觅食去  Now go and hunt some up for me!
好吧亲爱的  Right... darling.
听你的就是了 我去试试海藻  I'll wrap'em in seeweed just the way you like'em.
新巢建好了 克鲁斯又搞了个新玩意  With the nest completed, Crusoe moved on to a new project.
我们不用再去辛苦觅食了 我们有了超棒的巢  We didn't have to forage for food, we had this great nest
还有了个管道  and we even had indoor plumbing.
天堂岛 更完美了  Paradise... just got better.
这就是人类的幸福生活吧  That human sure has made life peachy for us.
罗丝最满意这样的生活  Rosie is sponsor to the max,
让我告诉你 好姑娘 如果新世界也有  I tell ye old girl, if this new world talks about
这个 那才叫幸福呢  this cuchie it might not be that bad after all.
天天这样待着 我们会胖死的  Getting a little plump aren't we, sitting around all day?
有点赘肉怎么了 亲爱的卡卡  Ain't nothing wrong with a few curves, Kiki honey.
等克鲁斯钓了鱼 你也立马过上贵族生活了 卡卡  With Crusoe doing the fishing, it would put the superb in you too in no time, Kiki.
看这是啥  Oh, what do we have here?
看来克鲁斯觉得你的鱼和鱼腥味很恶心  Looks like Crusoe is going to put your fish and scales to shame, Kiki.
悠长岁月平静 我们享受这样平静舒适的生活  As time passed, life became more and more confortable for us all.
无事亦是蹉跎 可克鲁斯想念他的世界  Yet, Crusoe seemed very sad at times, he missed his old world.
他在岛的高地上建了个奇怪的塔  He build a strange tower on the highest point of the island.
每晚泛着温暖的橘色  with bright lights burning every night.
可惜一艘船都没等到  Another day and no ship in sight little fellow.
我想看看泰晤士河初升的太阳  what I wouldn't give to see the sun set over the Thames.
泰晤士？  Thames?
走了 伙计  I'm going partner.
我不明白 为什么他每天晚上都要点火  I don't get it, why does he light this thing every night?
希望能有人类经过  In the hope that some other humans pass by.
如果他们看到信号 他们就会来营救他  If they see the signal, they'll come and rescue him.
我知道 离开这座岛的机会只会越来越渺茫  I knew the chances of leaving this island, would become slimmer as time went by
只是不清楚还有多大可能  I just didn't know how slim.
如果有其他人类在岛上就不会这样了  More humans on the island, that's not gonna happen.
我的朋友们 就像所有英国人一样 请安静的祈祷  And now my friends, like all good Englishman, a moment of silence.
感谢主赐予我们丰富的食物  To give thanks for this bountiful harvest.
注意礼貌 我们的主人在…  Mind your manners. Our host is.
打盹儿    嘿嘿 或许更糟  Taking a snooze at the peers.    Ye he, he, or worse.
嘿 别调皮捣蛋了  Hey, stop fooling around.
幸好我们没在野外  At least we're not out in that weather.
外面太惨了  It's miserable out there.
听着各位 我们就应该在野外生活 你们都怂了吗  listen you guys, we're meant to live in the weather, have you'all gone soft.
哇哦 哇哦 卡卡 这么激动干啥  Wow, wow, Kiki, why get so worked up?
我生气怎么了 你们自己说  Oh, you haven's seen worked up, answer me this,
如果克鲁斯离开了这座岛怎么办  What happens to us when Crusoe leaves this island?
你们考虑过吗    卡卡 等等 听着  have you thought of that.    Kiki, now, now, listen!
我听着呢 我听的清清楚楚 迈克  I'm listening! I'm listening loud and clear, Mac!
咱可以开吃了吗  Shall we eat!
要是我能找到点贻贝就好了  If I could just find me some mussels!
费劲儿不讨好  One miscel little mussel.
这是我的 我的 我的 我的  Oh, It's mine, It's all mine, mine, mine, mine.
什么是你的    没什么  What's yours!    Nothing.
你不会想抛弃你的家庭吧 你会吗 亲爱的    会…  You wouldn't be depriving your family! Now, would you sweetheart?    Yes...
我是说 不会  I mean no.
过来  Come here!
梅 这很疼的    你太让我失望了  Oh May, that hurts.    Shame on you.
看 是船的残骸  Look, the ship is falling apart.
风水轮流转 这下我们能回主岛了  Our luck is turning, we'll be able to make it back to the mainland after all.
嘿 咱们去外面滑水玩吧  Hey, let's say we go outside and have some fun on the water slide.
好主意 我喜欢雨后的味道  Great idea, I love all the smells after a good rain.
我一会儿就去找你们 我最好还是先去找卡卡 确保她没事  I'll catch with you guys later, I better find Kiki first, make sure she's alright.
这船咋就没被冲跑呢  Why didn't that ship just vanish into the sea.
我们的生活从没这样过  Our lives are never going to be the same again.
饭前甜点喽  Show me that snack before we move on to the main island.
不    叫吧 叫吧  No!    Scream all you want little bird.
叫破喉咙也不会有人来救你的  No one is coming to save you now.
我是海神之子    小心 孩儿们 是人类  I'll be the son of a seacook!    Watch out children, is the human!
把你们的脏手拿开 别碰我的菜  Get your filthy paws off my bird.
左翼受袭    我们得赶紧离开这儿  To the left!    We have to get out of here quick!
来吧兄弟们 怼死他们  Come on everyone! we've got them surrounded!
进攻    咔嘭  Attack!    kaboom!
哦 又躺枪了  Oh no! He got me!
这是天堂吗 你咋也来了  If this is heaven? Why are you here?
闭嘴吧你  Shut!
他们在往主岛走  They're heading for the big island.
他们无处不在 都是我的错  They're everywhere! It's all my fault.
我们得警告其他人  We have to warn the others!
快回巢里去  Get to the nest, now! Hurry!
肉食动物    啥    他刚刚是不是说肉食动物？  Predators!    What?    Did he say predators?
坚持住 我去拿我的枪  Hang on if you want, I'll get my musket.
把窗户关上  Fang down the hatches!
关窗户    武器 火药  Down the hatches!    Weapons! Gun powder!
给我块布 太潮了  I need some shirt. That's it juicy!
它们到处都是 离我远点  They're everwhere! Get off of me!
你们这些可恶小坏蛋  You bloody blasterds!
救命  Help!
有人帮我下来吗  get me down from here!
我可能不了解人类 但他们看上去脾气可不太好  I may not know humans, but they tend to be very angry.
克鲁斯需要我们的帮助  Crusoe needs our help.
小心  Look out!
快 普格  Hurry Epi!
潘戈 这边  Pango, over here!
快跳    后退 普格  Jump!    Stand back Epi!
快 他就在你后面  Hurry! He's right behind you!
快走 快走  Go! go!
我需要我的枪  I need my musket!
瞧瞧你们做的 豆腐渣啊  look what you've done, You guys stay put!
哦 又来 离我远点 臭猫  Oh not again! Stay away you mange cats!
坚持住克鲁斯  Hang on Crusoe!
干得真棒 老兄  Good job buddy.
还不算太糟嘛  Wasn't so bad!
快走 我来搞定他们  Keep puching! I'll take care of these.
潘戈  Pango!
噫唏嘘 危呼高哉  Wow, is awful high!
来吧 你能做到的 跳吧  Come on, you can make it. Jump!
哦 天哪 我可来了  Oh my, here it goes!
真棒 快走吧  Good work! Now, let's get out of here!
好  Ok!
你咬我呀 毛球  So long, furrball!
饿了吧 把它吃掉 把它吃掉  Hungry hour, well then take that!
不胜利 毋宁死 香蕉怎么样  Hakawa, Matata, banana!
你咬我呀  So long!
皮包骨 门要开了  Scrubby, the door!
有本事来呀  Come on!
你好呀 小宝贝  Hello there!
见到你真高兴  Very glad Scrubs!
在这儿 普格 藏到木桶里  Over here, Epi! Hide in the bucket!
起飞  Going up!
下去吧你  Get off!
下去吧你 臭猫  Get off, you mengie cat!
干得漂亮 普格  Good Work, Epi!
他们抓不到我的  They'll never get me!
我们把他们赶走了吧  We got rid of them, didn't we?
普格  Epi!
潘戈  Pango!
救我    小心你的背后 普格  Help me!    Look up behind you, Epi!
别追着我  Let go of me!
猫们想进来  The cats are trying to get in through the hatch!
罗丝 不 是克鲁斯  Rosie no, that was Crusoe!
把它打开  Let me get this open.
真希望你没伤到他  I hope you didn't hurt him.
都还好吗    除了克鲁斯  Everybody ok?    Everybody except Crusoe.
快来帮我 一起来 他太沉了  Come on guys, all together, is heavy.
让开 罗丝 我们得集中力量    不用我吗  Spread out Rosie, we need all the muscle we can mass bulk.    Really?
好了 好了  Ok, ok.
一 二 三  One, two, three!
这就有点棘手了  That's a bit of a bummer mate.
我们需要克鲁斯 他怎么样了 卡卡  We need Crusoe, how's he doing Kiki?
他还活着 不过帮不上我们什么了  He's alive, but he wont be of any use to us.
除非奇迹出现才能挡住那些猫  We're gonna need a miracle to hold on these cats back!
有了 枪  Got it, the musket.
注意了 一会儿会很吵的  Watch out guys, it's gonna be noisy.
你确定这是个好主意  Are you sure that's a good idea?
值得一试 比无他法了  Is worth the try, what else can we do?
应该比我想的简单吧  This is going to be easier than I thought.
这地方该易主了  The human's house, time to make our move.
快 我们撑不了多久的  Hurry, we can't hold 'em off much longer.
他总是先把这个小玩意往后推  He always pulls that thing to the back first.
好了 准备好  Ok, get ready.
奇了怪了  Huh, that's weird.
里面什么情况  What's happening in there?
嘿 星期二 这玩意可能坏了  Hey Tuesday, maybe this thing has something to do with it.
什么玩意  What thing?
现在怎么办 他们一定会回来的  Now what? You know they're gonna come back.
说不定克鲁斯会醒来救我们  Maybe Crusoe may come to and save us.
我不想泼你们冷水 但我们得靠自己了  I hate to break it to you guys, we're on our own.
我们得离开这儿 藏起来  We have to get out of here. Hide in some place.
克鲁斯怎么办  What about Crusoe?
潘戈说的对啊 我们不能丢下他  Pango's right, we can't leave him here.
伙计们 这可能不是最好的结果  Guys, guys, it may not be perfect.
但是我有个计划  But I think I got a plan.
你最好快点 我们可没时间了  Well you better lay it out cause we're out of time.
好了孩儿们 冷静  Alright children, calm down.
这次是他们小人得志罢了  They just got lucky this time,
咱们偷偷溜进去 让他们付出代价  we're gonna sneak up on them and make them pay.
让他们知道咱们不是好惹的  Now let's show them what we're made of.
说得对啊  Oh, yeah.
翅膀受伤了吗  You got a broken wing, have you?
别担心 我们帮你脱离苦海  Don't worry, we'll put you out of your misery.
靠边站 不然射你丫的  Stay back, or I'll shoot!
咋不嘚瑟了  Not so brave now, are you?
演砸了吧  Appears your luck has just run out.
来追我呀 笨猫  You'll have to be quicker than that, ratter.
抓住他 他不能飞了  Get him, he can't fly!
暖暖和和的死吧  That should take care of you quite nicely.
本喵发来贺电  Sweet dreams from your favorite ratter.
预备  Get ready!
我们围住他了  We got'em cornered May.
干掉他 一劳永逸  Then let's finish him off once and for all.
来咬我呀 笨猫  Catch me if you can, ratter!
停下 罗丝 我们得等信号  Rosie stop, we have to wait for the signal.
好了 尽你所能吧 罗丝  This is it, give it all you have Rosie.
怎么办 他们把咱们困住了    收起你的大牙  Which way? They tricked us.    Hold on to your fangs.
吃一堑长一智  We're not so cocky anymore. Are we?
星期二有危险  Tuesday is in trouble.
这计划真棒  That was a bossus plan you had there mate!
没你们可办不成  Couldn't have done it without you guys!
着火了 克鲁斯还在  The fire! Crusoe!
克鲁斯  Crusoe!
在这儿  Over here!
哦吃 肯定很疼  Ouch! that must've really hurt.
我们把昏迷的克鲁斯运到安全的地方 他还活着  We boat Crusoe out to safety unconscious, but alive.
出乎意料的是 我们被你们的大炮给轰了  And then out of the blue, we get cannon blasted from your ship.
噢诶 船长可是个悍匪呀  Ahoy! the captain can be one tough bloke.
肯定的 他们可是海盗啊  Expect! They're pirates after all.
海盗？  Pirates?
嘿 嘿 你知道的 跟他们的锯齿一样 只会让事情更糟  He, he, you know, like them nasty ratchets only worse.
一堆疯猫就在我的右面 我以为我死翘翘了  A pack of crazed cats in my right I was sure I was a goner.
然后我一手拿枪 一手拔剑  And I took my musket in one hand my sword
揍的那些野人部落魂飞魄散  in the other, carved a swat to the savage hordes.
太可怕了 船长  It was horrible captain.
这是俺听过的最毁三观的旅行轶事了  That is the most fantastical yarn I've heard in all me life.
这是真的 船长  This is no yarn, captain?
随你咋说 关俺鸟事 准备起航  So ye say, well then, just trying to set sail,
你和你滴鸟可以睡下面  you and your bird can take a bunk below.
哦 队长 我爱死英国人了  Oh, Captain, I cannot tell you how I love to see England again.
英国儿  England!
俺们才不去英国佬的港口呢  We'll not be sailing from them ports
海盗被捕依法施以绞刑 执照者按战俘处理
除非俺们活腻歪了  unless you want me to be hanging from the gallows.
你个脑残  Right dreamer.
但是 我 我 我必须  But you see, me... I... must...
至少你能把我捎到离家近一点的地方吗  Can you at least drop me from a bit closer to home.
上了贼船,就跟得贼走  You're with us now.
一日为盗 终身为奴  Once a pirate, always a pirate.
这都不晓得吗  Have you got a problem with that?
但是船长 我能不能…  But Captain, if I might...
磨叽啥 滚犊子吧  Enough talk! Off with ya!
给俺当搬运工 小屁孩  Then I'll be expecting you in the carrier you lad,
不答应就去死  or you will be walking the plank you will or worse.
看 海市蜃楼  Look! is it a mirage May?
那才不是什么海市蜃楼 你个逗比  It's not another mirage you idiot.
是艘船 孩儿们 划起来  It's a ship, children start paddling.
俺是皇家海盗  I ply my trade from the Union Jack!
威震七洋四海  upon the seven seas
口啖腐肉面不改色  unless I eat some rancid...
朗姆亦称糖酒 甘蔗糖蜜为原料的蒸馏酒 当时的糖和现在的石油一样贵
嘿 还给俺 老子的朗姆你也敢喝  Hey, give me here, is my rum you're be drinking!
喜欢朗姆是吗  Oh! you want some rum! do ya?
那喜欢我的拳头吗  How's me fisting ye instead.
这些可怕的海盗 这地方我一秒钟也不想再呆了  These are some nasty pirates, but it wont end well if I stay another moment.
你在这儿搞啥呢  Hey, what you be fixing to do that?
没什么 真的没什么  Oh, nothing, nothing at all.
是这样吗 咱们从岛上救上来的  Is that right? The ingrate we dawn rescue from
白眼狼现在想偷咱们的救生船  the island is trying to steal one of our rowboats.
这小白脸要是真想偷东西 老子就坐死他  If prettyboy is going to be stealing anything, I'd be us!
没有 我只是…  No, I was just...
嘿 外面发生什么了  Hey, what's going on out here?
水手长 他想跳船逃跑  Bosun, he's trying to jump ship!
抄家伙 打这小兔崽子  Get him in throne little prick.
这孩子就是欠削 尝尝这个  Alright, let's teach him a lesson, take that.
他想逃跑 抓住他  He's getting away! grab him!
算我一个  Give me a piece of him!
你逃不掉的 小笨蛋  There's no way out of this ship you fool!
抓住他  Get him!
他是我的  He's mine!
看我的  I'm ready!
居然有个木筏  A raft!
笨蛋 这都打不准  Ye fools, shooting the wrong side of the man, come on men...
饭都白吃了吗  show me what are ye be made of.
水手长 带着你的船员快点  Bosun! Get your scurby excuse for a pirate
来船舱 麻溜滴  down to my cabin, now!
是 是 船长 马上来  Aye, aye, Captain, right away!
剩下的笨蛋们  And the rest of ye fools!
回去干活 不然朕抽你们十鞭  Back to work, before I give each ten lashes of me whip.
恶心的鸟  Disgusting bird!
他跑了  He's getting away!
要不我们派人去追他  Shall we send some men after him?
不 让他走吧  Neh, let him go.
哦 船长 咱一炮就能轰的他稀巴烂  Oh, Captain, can't we fire a cannon short blow'em his misery!
为什么要浪费炮弹呢  Why waste a good cannonball,
他的余生都要在这个岛上度过了  let'm spend the rest of his life on that long forgotten island.
野兽不把他吃了才怪呢  That is if a wild beast doesn't get him first.
圣上英明  Aye, aye, Captain!
这下有的逃了… 拉夫  It's been noice nawing ya Ruf...
咱俩都能参加跑男了 塞西  we did ourselves a good run man, didn't we Cec...
跳上来  Jump!
我不会把你们丢给这些臭猫的 咱们是朋友对吧  I wasn't going to let those ratters get ya, we friends gotta stick together.
你人可真好  Nice for you to think so.
我们这是要去哪  Where are we heading off to then?
回家呀  We're going home!

