寻梦环游记
{\an8}埃内斯托
{\an8}埃内斯托·德拉库斯
{\an8}德拉库斯
{\an8}埃内斯托·德拉库斯 请记住我
{\an8}亡灵节才艺大赛 中央广场 晚上七点
{\an8}里维拉家族鞋店 创立于1921年
{\an8}里维拉家族鞋店
{\an8}德拉库斯精选
{\an8}亡灵节才艺大赛
{\an8}亡灵节才艺大赛 圣塞西莉亚广场 晚上7点
{\an8}抓住机遇
{\an8}回返
{\an8}鞋油
{\an8}请记住我
{\an8}旭日东升 光芒万丈演唱会
{\an8}圣塞西莉亚墓园
{\an8}请记住我
{\an8}鬼才记得你

有时候 我觉得我被诅咒了  Sometimes, I think I'm cursed.
因为一些在我出生之前发生的事  Because of something that happened before I was even born.
很久以前 有这么一家人  See, a long time ago, there was this family.
爸爸是一个音乐家  The papa, he was a musician.
他和家人一起唱歌跳舞 过得很幸福  He and his family would sing and dance and count their blessings.
可是爸爸有个梦想 要唱歌给全世界听  But he also had a dream. To play for the world.
有一天  And one day,
他背着他的吉他离开了 再也没有回来  he left with his guitar and never returned.
至于妈妈  And the mama...
她可没时间为走了的爸爸难过  She didn't have time to cry over that walk- away musician.
她把音乐彻底赶出了生活  After banishing all music from her life
她要想办法赚钱养活女儿  she found a way to provide for her daughter.
她撸起袖子加油干 学会了做鞋子  She rolled up her sleeves and she learned to make shoes.
她明明可以学做糖果  She could have made candy,
或者烟花 或者做闪亮亮的摔跤服  or fireworks, or sparkly underwear for wrestlers,
可她就不 她偏偏选了鞋子  but no, she chose shoes.
后来她教会了女儿做鞋子  Then she taught her daughter to make shoes.
再后来 又教会了女婿做  And later, she taught her son- in- law.
最后连外孙们都做鞋  Then her grandkids got roped in.
人手变多了 生意也多了  As her family grew, so did the business.
音乐把这个家拆散了  Music had torn her family apart.
鞋子又把家人聚在一起  But shoes held them all together.
看那个女人  You see, that woman
就是我太奶奶的妈妈 伊美黛  was my great-great-grandmother, Mama Imelda.
我出生之前很久 她就死了  She died way before I was born.
但是每年亡灵节 我们家  But my family still tells her story
还是会讲她的事迹  every year on Dia de los Muertos...
那是纪念逝者的节日  the Day of the Dead.
她的小女儿  And her little girl,
就是我的太奶奶 她叫可可  she's my great- grandmother, Mama Coco.
你好 可可太奶奶  Hola, Mama Coco.
你好吗 胡里奥  How are you, Julio?
其实 我的名字叫米格尔  Actually, my name is Miguel.
可可太奶奶记性不太好了  Mama Coco has trouble remembering things.
但是我还是很喜欢和她聊天  But it's good to talk to her anyway.
我什么事都能和她说  So, I tell her pretty much everything.
我以前这样跑步  I used to run like this.
但现在我这样跑步快多了  But now I run like this which is way faster.
胜利者是 威猛无敌的可可太奶奶  And the winner is Luchadora Coco!
我这边有个酒窝 这边没有  I have a dimple on this side, but not on this side.
有酒窝没酒窝 有酒窝没酒窝  Dimple, no dimple. Dimple, no dimple.
米格尔 好好吃你的  Miguel, eat your food.
这是我奶奶 她是可可太奶奶的女儿  My abuelita, she's Mama Coco's daughter.
你太瘦了 孩子 多吃点  Oh, you're a twig, mijo. Have some more.
够了 谢谢  No, gracias.
我问过你要不要再来点玉米粉蒸肉  I asked if you would like more tamales!
好吧  Sí?
就知道你喜欢吃这个  That's what I thought you said!
奶奶和伊美黛老祖宗  Abuelita runs our house
都不喜欢音乐  just like Mama Imelda did.
不要音乐  No music!
不要音乐  No music!
不要音乐  No music!
我觉得全墨西哥  I think we're the only family in Mexico
就我们家讨厌音乐了  who hates music.
我的家人觉得无所谓 但是我…  And my family's fine with that. But me...
- 要早点回来吃午饭啊 孩子 - 好的 妈妈  - Be back by lunch, mijo. - Love you, Mama.
我和家人不一样 我就是喜欢音乐  I am not like the rest of my family!
- 你好 米格尔 - 你好  - Hola, Miguel! - Hola!
- 非常感谢 - 不客气 米格尔  - Muchas gracias. - De nada, Miguel.
丹丹  Hey! Dante!
起来 趴下 打滚 握拳  Sit. Down. Roll over. Shake.
击拳  Fist bump!
好样的 丹丹  Good boy, Dante!
我知道我不该喜欢音乐  I know I'm not supposed to love music.
但这不是我的错 要怪他  But it's not my fault! It's his!
我的偶像 埃内斯托·德拉库斯  Ernesto de la Cruz.
有史以来最伟大的音乐家  The greatest musician of all time.
正是在这个广场上  Right here in this very plaza,
埃内斯托·德拉库斯 迈出了他音乐事业的第一步  Ernesto de la Cruz took his first steps...
最终成为了墨西哥历史上 最受欢迎的歌手  toward becoming the most beloved singer in Mexican history.
他一开始在圣塔塞西莉亚没什么名气 像我一样  He started out a total nobody from Santa Cecilia, like me.
但他一开口唱歌 人们就狂热地爱上了他  But when he played music, he made people fall in love with him.
他演过电影  He starred in movies.
他有最炫酷的吉他 他还能飞  He had the coolest guitar! He could fly!
他写的歌也是最棒的  And he wrote the best songs.
但是我最喜欢的一首歌就是  But my all-time favorite, it's...
请记住我  Remember me
请记住我  Remember me
虽然必须说再见  Though I have to say goodbye
- 请记住我 - 请记住我  - Remember me - Remember me
眼泪不要坠落  Don't let it make you cry
我虽然要离你远去  For even if I'm far away
你住在我心底  I hold you in my heart
在每个分离的夜里  I sing a secret song to you
为你唱一首歌  Each night we are apart
请记住我  Remember me
虽然我要去远方  Though I have to travel far
请记住我  Remember me
当听见吉他的悲伤  Each time you hear a sad guitar
这就是我跟你在一起唯一的凭据  Know that I'm with you the only way that I can be
直到我再次拥抱你  Until you're in my arms again
他过着人人梦寐以求的生活  He lived the kind of life you dream about.
可惜在1942年  Until 1942.
他被一个掉下来的大钟砸死了  When he was crushed by a giant bell.
我就想成为他那样的人  I want to be just like him.
有时候 我看着德拉库斯  Sometimes, I look at De la Cruz
冥冥之中 感觉我和他有着某种联系  and I get this feeling like we're connected.
好像他能成为音乐家 也许有一天我也能  Like if he could play music, maybe someday, I could too.
要是我的家人不拦着我就好了  If it wasn't for my family.
小伙子  Ay- ay- ay, muchacho.
我要你擦鞋 不是听你的故事  I asked for a shoe shine not your life story.
对不起  Oh, yeah. Sorry.
我只是不能在家里谈论这些 所以  I just can't really talk about any of this at home. So...
我要是你  If I were you,
我就冲回家和家人说  I'd march right up to my family and say...
"我就是要唱歌 怎么样"  "Hey, I'm a musician. Deal with it."
我可不敢这么说  I could never say that.
你那你歌唱得好吗？  You are a musician, no?
我不知道算不算  I don't know.
我是说 我只是唱给自己听  I mean, I only really play for myself.
难道德拉库斯天天唱歌给自己听  Ah! Did De la Cruz become the world's best musician
才成为歌神的吗  by hiding his skills?
不 他经常到那个广场去  No! He walked out onto that plaza
然后大声的唱给大家听  and he played out loud.
你看 他们在布置今晚的场地了  Mira, Mira, they're setting up for tonight!
今天晚上会有亡灵节才艺大赛  The music competition for Dia de Muertos.
你想和你的偶像一样吗 去报名吧  You want to be like your hero? You should sign up!
那我的家人会气疯的  Uh- uh. My family would freak!
如果你害怕 那就乖乖做鞋子吧  Look, if you're too scared then, well, have fun making shoes.
别怕 德拉库斯怎么说的来着  Come on, what did De la Cruz always say?
抓住你的机遇  Seize your moment?
让我看看你的水平 小伙子  Show me what you got, muchacho.
我来做你的第一个听众  I'll be your first audience.
米格尔  Miguel!
- 奶奶 - 你在干什么  - Abuelita! - What are you doing here?
离我孙子远一点  You leave my grandson alone.
太太 别紧张  Dona, please!
我只是在让他擦鞋  I was just getting a shine.
我很清楚你的把戏 江湖艺人 他和你说了什么  I know your tricks, mariachi. What did he say to you?
他只是给我看他的吉他  He was just showing me his guitar.
真不要脸  Shame on you.
我的孙子 像个可爱的小天使  My grandson is a sweet little Angelito Querido Cielito.
他不需要你的音乐 吉他手  He wants no part of your music, mariachi.
你离他远一点  You keep away from him.
可怜的小家伙 没事了 孩子  Ay, pobrecito. Oh, estas bien, mijo.
你知道你不该来这种地方  You know better than to be here in this place!
你赶紧给我回家 快走  You will come home. Now.
我们和你说了多少遍了  How many times have we told you?
那个广场上全是些江湖艺人  That plaza is crawling with mariachis.
知道了 贝托叔叔  Yes, Tio Berto.
- 不不不不不 - 走开 走开  - No, no, no, no, no! - Ah! Go away, you. Go!
别打丹丹  It's just Dante.
不要给流浪狗起名字  Never name a street dog.
以后赶都赶不走 去把我的鞋捡回来  They'll follow you forever. Now, go get my shoe.
我在艺人广场找到了你儿子  I found your son in Mariachi Plaza.
米格尔  Ay, Miguel!
你知道奶奶不喜欢那个广场  You know how Abuelita feels about the plaza.
我只是去擦鞋的  I was just shining shoes.
给艺人擦鞋  A musician's shoes!
但广场上的鞋多着呢  But the plaza's where all the foot traffic is.
既然奶奶说了不许去广场 那就别去  If Abuelita says no more plaza, then no more plaza.
- 但今晚也不行吗 - 今晚怎么了  - But what about tonight? - What's tonight?
他们要举办一个才艺大赛  Well, they're having this talent show.
我想能不能  And I thought I might...
- 报名吗 - 也许吧  - Sign up? - Well, maybe?
你得先有才艺 才能上台表演  You have to have talent to be in a talent show.
你打算表演什么 擦鞋吗  What are you gonna do? Shine shoes?
今天是亡灵节  It's Dia de los Muertos.
谁都不许出门 今晚应该家族团聚  No one's going anywhere. Tonight is about family.
去灵坛 跟我走  Ofrenda room. Vamonos.
别一脸不高兴  Don't give me that look.
祖先们每年只有在亡灵节的晚上  Dia de los Muertos is the one night of the year
才能回家来看我们  our ancestors can come visit us.
把他们的照片供奉在灵坛上  We've put their photos on the ofrenda
他们的灵魂才能回来  so their spirits can cross over.
这可是非常重要的事  That is very important.
要是不放照片 他们就回不来  If we don't put them up, they can't come.
我们做了这些好吃的  We made all this food,
摆上他们以前最喜欢的东西 孩子  set out the things they loved in life, mijo.
都是为了让他们能回来聚聚  All this work to bring the family together.
我不希望你随便乱跑  I don't want you sneaking off to who knows where.
你去哪里  Where are you going?
我以为没我什么事儿了  I thought we were done.
天啊 我们都是一家人  Ay, Dios mio. Being part of this family means
就应该待在一起  being here for this family.
我不希望你最后像  I don't want to see you end up like...
太奶奶的爸爸一样  Like Mama Coco's papa?
不许提那个男人 最好把他忘掉  Never mention that man! He's better off forgotten.
是你先提起的  But you're the one who...
我只是…  I was just...
但是…我…  But... I...
爸爸 爸爸回来了吗  Papa? Papa is home?
妈妈 别着急 别急  Mama, calmese, calmese.
爸爸要回来了吗  Papa is coming home?
不 妈妈 没事的 我在呢  No, Mama. It's okay. I'm here.
你是谁  Who are you?
休息一下吧 妈妈  Rest, Mama.
我管你 是因为关心你 米格尔  I'm hard on you because I care, Miguel.
米格尔 米格尔  Miguel? Miguel?
我们该拿这个孩子怎么办  What are we going to do with that boy?
你说得对 他就需要这个  You're right. That's just what he needs.
是你啊 快进来  It's you. Get in here.
快点 丹丹 快进来  Come on, Dante. Hurry up!
你会给我惹麻烦的 伙计  You're gonna get me in trouble, boy.
会被人听到的  Someone could hear me.
要是有个听众就好了  I wish someone wanted to hear me.
除了你之外的 好吧  Other than you. Ew. Okay.
完美  Perfecto!
我必须要唱歌 我必须要演奏  I have to sing. I have to play!
音乐不仅仅只在我心中 音乐是我的生命  The music, it's not just in me, it is me.
人生再艰难 我还有我的吉他  When life gets me down, I play my guitar.
无论他们怎么说要循规蹈矩  The rest of the world may follow the rules,
而我就是要顺从我的心  but I must follow my heart.
你知道那种感觉 歌声绕梁三日  You know that feeling like there's a song in the air and...
只为你而唱  it's playing just for you?
心灵已相通  A feeling so close...
仿佛触手可及  You could reach out and touch it
我从未想过  I never knew
会如此渴望这份感情  I could want something so much
可事实真是如此  but it's true
你得有信心 修女  You must have faith, sister.
但神父他不会听我的  Oh, but, Padre, he will never listen.
他会听得进音乐  He will listen. To music.
唯有这歌  Only a song
才有能力改变命运  Has the power to change a heart
永远不要低估音乐的力量  Never underestimate the power of music.
但神父永远不会允许  But my father, he will never give his permission.
我受够了要请求别人的允许  I am done asking permission.
当你的机会到来时 绝不能轻易放过  When you see your moment, you mustn't let it pass you by.
一定要抓住机遇  You must seize it!
请问德拉库斯先生  Senor de la Cruz,
您是如何抓住了自己的机会呢  what did it take for you to seize your moment?
我必须坚持追梦的决心  I had to have faith in my dream.
没人会把成功白白送给你  No one was going to hand it to me.
我必须靠自己的努力去争取  It was up to me to reach for that dream.
- 决不放弃 让梦想成真 - 让梦想成真  - Grab it tight and make it come true. - and make it come true.
我再不躲藏了 丹丹 我要去抓住机会  No more hiding, Dante. I got to seize my moment!
我一定要去艺人广场表演  I'm gonna play in Mariachi Plaza if it kills me.
亡灵节开始了  Dia de los Muertos has begun!
不不 我们得撒出一条路来  No, no. We have to make a clear path.
花瓣会指引着先人们回家  The petals guide our ancestors home.
我们可不能让他们迷路了  We don't want their spirits to get lost.
快点回来 享用美食吧  We want them to come and enjoy all the food
享受祭坛上的美酒佳肴  and drinks on the ofrenda.
妈妈  Mama!
这张桌子要放在哪里  Where should we put this table?
放在院子里 孩子  In the courtyard, mijos.
放厨房外面吗  You want it down by the kitchen?
对 挨着另一张桌子  Si. Next to the other one.
- 藏到下面去 到下面去 - 米格尔  - Get under! Get under! - Miguel?
没什么 妈妈 爸爸 我…  Nothing! Mama, Papa. I...
米格尔 你奶奶想出了一个非常棒的主意  Miguel, your abuelita had the most wonderful idea.
我们都决定了 该让你来店里学做鞋了  We've all decided. It's time you joined us in the workshop!
- 什么 - 以后不用再去擦鞋了  - What? - No more shining shoes.
你可以做鞋了 每天放学回来就可以做  You'll be making them every day after school.
我们的小小米格尔  Oh! Our Migueli- ti- ti- ti- to
即将延续家族传统  carrying on the family tradition.
正好是在亡灵节这一天  And on Dia de los Muertos!
老祖宗会非常骄傲的  Your ancestors will be so proud.
你可以像维多利亚姨奶奶一样编织凉鞋  You'll craft huaraches just like your Tia Victoria.
像你的胡里奥爷爷一样做尖头皮鞋  And wingtips like your Papa Julio.
万一我做不好怎么办  But what if I'm no good at making shoes?
米格尔 家里有这么多人指导你呢  Ah, Miguel. You have your family here to guide you.
你是里维拉家的人 而里维拉家的人  You are a Rivera. And a Rivera is...
都是鞋匠 祖传的手艺  A shoemaker. Through and through.
这才是我儿子 贝托  That's my boy! Berto!
开瓶好酒 我要庆祝一下  Break out the good stuff. I want to make a toast.
丹丹 不 丹丹 停下  Dante! No, Dante. Stop!
不不不不不  No, no, no, no, no! No.
德拉库斯的吉他  De la Cruz's guitar?
爸爸 爸爸  Papa? Papa?
太奶奶 您的爸爸是 埃内斯托·德拉库斯？  Mama Coco, is your papa Ernesto de la Cruz?
爸爸 爸爸  Papa! Papa!
爸爸 爸爸 就是他  Papa! Papa! It's him!
我知道我的曾曾爷爷是谁了  I know who my great- great- grandfather was.
米格尔 快下来  Miguel, get down from there.
太奶奶的爸爸是 埃内斯托·德拉库斯  Mama Coco's father was Ernesto de la Cruz!
你在说什么？  What are you talking about?
我要成为一个音乐家  I'm gonna be a musician!
这些都是什么  What is all this?
你居然瞒着家人做这种事  You keep secrets from your own family?
都是因为总去那个广场  It's all that time he spends in the plaza.
他脑袋里装满了疯狂的幻想  Fills his head with crazy fantasies.
这才不是幻想  It's not a fantasy.
这个人是埃内斯托·德拉库斯  That man was Ernesto de la Cruz!
历史上最伟大的音乐家  The greatest musician of all time!
我们不认识这个人  We've never known anything about this man!
但不管他是谁 他都抛弃了他的家庭  But whoever he was, he still abandoned his family.
你学他 不会有任何前途  This is no future for my son.
但爸爸 你说家人会指引我  But, Papa, you said my family would guide me.
德拉库斯也是我的家人  Well, De la Cruz is my family.
我就应该玩音乐  I'm supposed to play music.
休想 那个人的音乐是种诅咒  Never! That man's music was a curse.
我不会允许的  I will not allow it.
- 只要您让我… - 米格尔…  - If you would just let... - Miguel...
你得听家人的话  You will listen to your family.
别再碰音乐  No more music.
- 你们听我弹一次就好 - 没得商量  - Just listen to me play! - End of argument.
你想和那个男人一样下场吗 没人记得  You want to end up like that man? Forgotten?
死后照片也上不了家里的灵坛  Left off your family's ofrenda?
我才不在乎能不能被供着呢  I don't care if I'm on some stupid ofrenda.
- 不 - 妈妈  - No! - Mama!
就这样 没有吉他 没有音乐  There. No guitar. No music.
好了 一家人吃个饭就什么事都过去了  Oh, come. You'll feel better after you eat with your family.
我不想再待在这个家了  I don't want to be in this family!
米格尔 米格尔  Miguel! Miguel!
我想像德拉库斯一样 在广场上表演  I want to play in the plaza, like De la Cruz.
我还能报名吗  Can I still sign up?
你有乐器吗  You got an instrument?
没有 但要是我能借把吉他…  No. But if I can borrow a guitar...
参赛的艺人得自备乐器  Musicians got to bring their own instruments.
孩子 去找把吉他来  You find a guitar, kid,
我就帮你报名  I'll put you on the list.
- 我能借你的吉他吗 - 抱歉 小伙子  - Can I borrow your guitar? - Sorry, muchacho.
- 你们有多余的吉他吗 - 没有  - You guys have a spare guitar? - No.
我想借把吉他 就用一小会儿  I need a guitar just for a little bit.
走开 孩子  Get out of here, kid.
曾曾爷爷 我该怎么办  Great- great- grandfather, what am I supposed to do?
不不不  No, no, no, no.
丹丹 停下 闭嘴  Dante, stop! Callate! Shh!
对不起  I'm sorry.
德拉库斯先生 请不要生气  Senor De la Cruz, please don't be mad.
我是米格尔  I'm Miguel.
您的曾曾孙子 我得借这把吉他  Your great- great grandson. I need to borrow this.
我的家人觉得音乐是种诅咒  Our family thinks music is a curse.
他们都不理解我 但我知道你能理解  None of them understand but I know you would have.
您说我要顺从自己的心  You would have told me to follow my heart.
抓住我的机遇  To seize my moment!
如果你同意的话  So, if it's all right with you,
我要去广场上表演 就像你一样  I'm gonna play in the plaza. Just like you did!
那把吉他不见了  The guitar! It's gone!
有人偷了德拉库斯的吉他  Somebody stole De la Cruz's guitar!
窗户破了 看  The window's broken. Look!
是谁 谁在里面  All right, who's in there?
抱歉 事情不是你想的那样  I'm sorry. It's not what it looks like.
德拉库斯是我的…  De la Cruz is my...
里面没有人  There's nobody here.
- 米格尔 - 妈妈  - Miguel! - Mama!
米格尔 回家吧 你在哪 米格尔  Miguel, come home. Where are you, Miguel?
天啊 孩子 你还好吗  Dios mio! Little boy. Are you okay?
来 我拉你一把  Here. Let me help you.
谢谢 我…  Thanks. I...
你怎么回事  Do you mind? Whoa!
你瞧 他都长这么大了  Look how big she's getting.
丹丹 你能看到我吗  Dante! You can see me?
等等 发生什么了 丹丹  Wait! What's going on? Dante!
- 对不起 对不起 - 米格尔  - Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. - Miguel?
- 米格尔 - 米格尔  - Miguel? - Miguel?
你怎么来了 你怎么在这里 你还能看到我们？  You're here? Here, here. And you can see us?
我们的小小米格尔  Our Migueli- ti- ti- ti- to!
请问我怎么会认识你  Remind me how I know you.
我们都是你的家人 孩子  We're your family, mijo.
- 罗西塔太姑妈 - 对  - Tia Rosita? - Si.
- 胡里奥爷爷 - 你好  - Papa Julio? - Hola.
维多利亚姨奶奶  Tia Victoria?
他看起来还没死透  He doesn't seem entirely dead.
也不像还活着  He's not quite alive either.
我们得找到老祖宗伊美黛 她知道该怎么办  We need Mama Imelda. She'll know how to fix this.
老祖宗伊美黛出事了  Oye! It's Mama Imelda.
她今晚过不来  She couldn't cross over.
- 她被卡住了 - 卡在了另一边  - She's stuck! - On the other side!
奥斯卡舅爷 菲利普舅爷  Tio Oscar? Tio Felipe?
你好 米格尔  Hey, Miguel.
我感觉这可能和你有关  I have a feeling this has something to do with you.
但如果老祖宗伊美黛来不了  But if Mama Imelda can't come to us...
我们就去那边找她 出发  Then we are going to her. Vamonos!
走吧 米格尔 没关系的  Come on, Miguel. It's okay.
丹丹 丹丹 丹丹 等等  Dante? Dante! Dante, wait up!
你得要跟紧我 孩子 我们不知道 这是哪里  You got to stay with me, boy. We don't know... where...
这不是一场梦 你们真的都在  This isn't a dream then. You're all really out there.
- 那你以为呢 - 我也不知道  - You thought we weren't? - Well, I don't know.
我还以为那是  I thought it might've been one of those
大人编来骗小孩子的  made up things that adults tell kids.
就像要多吃维生素一样  Like vitamins.
米格尔 维生素真的有好处  Miguel, vitamins are a real thing.
现在我有点相信了  Well, now I'm thinking maybe they could be.
宝贝 你这样盯着别人可不太礼貌…  Mija, it's not nice to stare at...
我的天啊  Ay! Santa Maria!
那些是吉祥物爱波瑞吉吗 但它们是…  Are those... Alebrijes! But those are...
活的爱波瑞吉 神奇的生物  Real alebrijes. Spirit creatures.
它们会给亡灵引路  They guide souls on their journey.
小心脚下 他们喜欢到处拉屎  Watch your step. They make caquitas everywhere.
欢迎来到亡灵之地  Welcome back to the Land of the Dead.
入关前请准备好需要申报的物品  Please have all offerings ready for re- entry.
欢迎回来 有要申报的东西吗  Welcome back. Anything to declare?
几根小油条 家里带来的  Some churros. From my family.
好好享用 下一位  How wonderful. Next.
如果您在出入关时遇到困难  If you are experiencing travel issues,
家庭团聚办理处的工作人员  agents at the Department of Family Reunions
将竭诚协助您  are available to assist you.
有请下一家  Next family, please.
两位的照片都摆在你们儿子的灵坛上  Your photos are on your son's ofrenda.
祝旅途愉快  Have a great visit.
谢谢  Gracias.
请务必在日出前返回  And remember to return before sunrise.
祝旅途愉快  Enjoy your visit.
下一位  Next.
您的照片在牙医家的灵坛上 祝旅途愉快  Your photo's on your dentist's ofrenda. Enjoy your visit.
- 谢谢 - 下一位  - Gracias. - Next?
对 是我 弗里达·卡罗  Yes! It is I. Frida Kahlo.
我们能不能别扫了  Shall we skip the scanner?
摆我的灵坛太多 怕你的小机器会死机的  I'm on so many ofrendas it'll just overwhelm your blinky thingy.
糟糕 好像没人摆你的照片 弗瑞达  Well, shoot, looks like no one put up your photo, Frida.
好吧 我刚说自己是弗里达 我撒谎了  Okay, when I said I was Frida, just now, that was a lie.
我道歉  And I apologize for doing that.
灵坛上没有照片 就不能过桥  No photo on an ofrenda, no crossing the bridge.
我就悄悄溜过去 你就当没看见  I'm just gonna zip right over. You won't even know I'm gone.
马上到了 就差一点点  Almost... there. Just a little further.
起来吧你  Upsy- daisy...
行 好吧 谁怕谁啊 该死的花瓣桥  Fine. Okay. Fine, who cares? Dumb flower bridge!
要是没人摆我的照片 我都不知道该怎么办  I don't know what I'd do if no one put up my photo.
- 下一位 - 过来孩子 轮到我们了  - Next? - Oh! Come, mijo. It's our turn.
欢迎回来 朋友们 有要申报的东西吗  Welcome back, amigos. Anything to declare?
事实上还真有  As a matter of fact, yes.
你好  Hola.
呼叫 玛尔塔·冈萨雷斯-拉莫斯  Paging Marta Gonzales-Ramos.
请回话  Please report to Level Seven.
我想念我的鼻子  I miss my nose.
拜托了 帮帮忙 朋友  Come on, help us out, amigo.
我们今晚还有十几个灵坛要拜访  We got to get to a dozen ofrendas tonight.
我们不去你前妻家过节  We are not visiting your ex- wife's family for Dia de Muertos!
要你们管事的出来  I demand to speak to the person in charge!
很抱歉 夫人 系统显示没人供奉你的照片  I'm sorry, senora, it says here no one put up your photo.
我家人肯定会在灵坛上摆我的照片的  My family always puts my photo on the ofrenda.
这个破盒子 谎话连篇  That devil box tells you nothing but lies!
- 老祖宗伊美黛 - 我的亲人  - Mama Imelda? - Oh, mi familia!
他们不让我过桥  They wouldn't let me cross the bridge.
告诉这个女人和她的破盒子  Tell this woman and her devil box
灵坛上肯定放了我的照片  that my photo is on the ofrenda.
我们还没来得及去灵坛  Well, we never made it to the ofrenda.
- 什么 - 我们遇见了  - What? - We ran into...
- 米格尔 - 伊美黛曾曾奶奶  - Miguel? - Mama Imelda.
怎么回事  What is going on?
你们都是里维拉家的吗  You the Rivera family?
你们被诅咒了  Well, you're cursed.
什么  What?
别人在亡灵节都是给亡灵送东西  Dia de los Muertos is the night to give to the dead.
可是你居然偷死者的东西  You stole from the dead!
我不是要偷走那把吉他  But I wasn't stealing the guitar.
吉他  Guitar?
那把吉他是我曾曾爷爷的东西  It was my great- great- grandfather's.
他肯定也愿意借给我的  He would have wanted me to have it.
我们家不准提那个搞音乐的  We do not speak of that musician.
我们家都当他死了  He is dead to this family.
你们都死了啊  You're all dead.
不好意思 这是谁家的爱波瑞吉  I am sorry. Whose alebrije is that?
它叫丹丹  That's just Dante.
它看起来一点也不像爱波瑞吉  He sure doesn't look like an alebrije.
看上去只是一条普通的老狗  He just looks like a plain old dog.
或是沾了几根头发的香肠  Or a sausage someone dropped in a barbershop.
不管是什么 都让我严重过敏  Whatever he is, I am terribly allergic.
可是丹丹身上没有毛啊  But Dante doesn't have any hair.
我还没有鼻子呢 还是一样会过敏  And I don't have a nose, and yet, here we are.
但这都不能解释 为什么我不能过桥  But none of this explains why I couldn't cross over.
你把我的照片从灵台上拿下来了  You took my photo off the ofrenda?
- 我不是有意的 - 怎么才能把他送回去  - It was an accident! - How do we send him back?
既然只是家庭矛盾  Well, since it's a family matter...
解除家族诅咒的方法就是  the way to undo a family curse
- 接受家人的祝福 - 这么简单吗？  - is to get your family's blessing. - That's it?
获得了家人的祝福后  Get your family's blessing
一切就能恢复正常了  and everything should go back to normal.
但必须赶在日出之前  But you got to do it by sunrise.
日出后会怎么样  What happens at sunrise?
天呐 你的手  Hijole! Your hand!
米格尔 现在可不是晕倒的时候  Whoa, Miguel, can't have you fainting on us.
别担心 你的家人就在这儿  But not to worry. Your family's here.
你现在就可以获得家人的祝福了  You can get your blessing right now.
万寿菊 万寿菊 不好意思 夫人  Cempasuchil, cempasuchil. Aha! Perdon, senora.
你看着这个孩子 说出他的名字  Now, you look at the living and say his name.
米格尔  Miguel.
成了 然后说"我把祝福送给你"  Nailed it. Now say, "I give you my blessing."
我把祝福送给你  I give you my blessing.
我把祝福送给你 让你回家  I give you my blessing to go home...
把我的照片放回灵坛上  to put my photo back on the ofrenda,
保证永远不许碰音乐  and to never play music again.
什么 她不能这样  What? She can't do that!
理论上说 她可以加上任何条件  Well, technically, she can add any condition she wants.
好吧  Fine.
把花瓣交给米格尔  Then you hand the petal to Miguel.
没有骷髅了  No skeletons!
艺人广场 我来了  Mariachi Plaza, here I come.
这才过两秒 你就违反承诺了  Two seconds and you already break your promise.
这不公平 这是我的人生  This isn't fair. It's my life.
你的人生已经过完了  You already had yours.
胡里奥爷爷 我需要你的祝福  Papa Julio, I ask for your blessing.
太姑妈 奥斯卡舅爷？  Tia Rosita? Oscar?
菲利普舅爷 维多利亚姨奶奶？  Felipe? Tia Victoria?
别把事情搞复杂 孩子  Don't make this hard, mijo.
要么听我的 要么就别回去了  You go home my way or no way.
你真的这么恨音乐吗  You really hate music that much?
我绝不会让你走上他的道路  I will not let you go down the same path he did.
他的道路 他是家人  The same path he did. He's family.
听你伊美黛曾曾奶奶的话  Listen to your Mama Imelda.
她是为你好  She's just looking out for you.
你要听进去  Be reasonable.
对不起 我要去上个厕所  Con permiso, I need to visit the restroom.
马上就回来  Be right back.
我们是不是该告诉他  Should we tell him there are no restrooms
亡灵之地没有厕所可用  in the Land of the Dead?
我们走  Vamonos.
有一家人 在找一个活人小男孩  We got a family looking for a living boy.
既然要当音乐家 就该得到音乐家的祝福  If I want to be a musician, I need a musician's blessing.
我们得找到我的曾曾爷爷  We got to find my great- great- grandpa.
等等 小伙子  Hold it, muchacho.
我找到那个活人小孩了  I found that living boy!
借过一下 借过一下 伙计们  Excuse me. Excuse me, folks.
借过一下  Excuse me.
不 不 丹丹  No, no. Dante!
扰乱治安 涉嫌拒捕  Disturbing the peace. Fleeing an officer.
假扮一字眉  Falsifying a unibrow.
- 这也犯法吗 - 严重违法  - That's illegal? - Very illegal.
你最好还是安分一点 朋友  You need to clean up your act, amigo.
你叫我朋友？很高兴你这样称呼我  Amigo? Oh, that's so nice to hear you say that
因为今年亡灵节 我很不好过  because I have just had a really hard Dia de Muertos
现在真的很需要一个朋友  and I could really use an amigo right now.
朋友都会相互帮助  And amigos, they help their amigos.
你今晚放我过桥  You get me across that bridge tonight,
我绝对不会亏待你的  and I'll make it worth your while.
你喜欢德拉库斯吗 他和我是老朋友了  You like De la Cruz? He and I go way back.
我能帮你弄到他光芒万丈演唱会的前排座位  I can get you front row seats to his Sunrise Spectacular show.
我还能带你进后台 你可以见到他本人  I'll get you backstage. You can meet him.
只要你帮我过桥  You just got to let me cross that bridge!
我应该把你关起来 让你在牢里过节  I should lock you up for the rest of the holiday.
我马上就下班了 我也想去看看活着的家人  But my shift's almost up and I want to visit my living family.
这次就只给你个警告好了  So I'm letting you off with a warning.
那套衣服能还给我吧  Can I at least get my costume back?
不行  No.
算什么朋友啊  Some amigo.
你真的认识德拉库斯吗  You really know De la Cruz?
谁想 天呐 你是个活人  Who wants to... Ahh! Ay! You're alive!
别出声 是的 我还活着  Shh! Yeah, I'm alive.
如果我想回到活人的世界  And if I want to get back to the Land of the Living...
就需要德拉库斯的祝福  I need De la Cruz's blessing.
为什么非要找他  That's weirdly specific.
他是我的曾曾爷爷  He's my great- great- grandfather.
他是你的曾曾…什么  He's your Gr... What?
等等 等等  Wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait.
等下 不 等等 等等  Wait. No, wait, wait, wait.
对了 你要回到活人的世界  Yes! You're going back to the Land of the Living!
要不算了 或许这不是一个好主意  You know what? Maybe this isn't such a good...
不 不 孩子 孩子  No, no, nino! Nino, nino,
我能帮你 你也能帮我  I can help you. You can help me.
我们可以相互帮助  We can help each other.
但最重要的是 你能帮到我  But most importantly, you can help me.
- 米格尔 - 我叫埃克托  - Miguel! - I'm Hector.
好  That's nice.
等等我 小子  Esperame, chamaco!
他会害死自己的  He is going to get himself killed.
该我的灵魂向导登场了 小南瓜  I need my spirit guide... Pepita.
米格尔碰过的花瓣在谁那里？  Who has that petal Miguel touched?
在这 可爱的爱波瑞吉  Here. Nice alebrije.
别动 往上看 一点点 向上看 上 上  Hold still. Look up. A ver, a ver. Look up, up, up.
再来点 大功告成  Aqui arriba, eso... Eh, la rayita.
好了  Okay. Hey! Ta- da!
这下你死透了  Dead as a doorknob.
听着 米格尔 亡灵的世界靠记忆存在  So listen, Miguel, this place runs on memories.
如果有人记得你  When you're well remembered,
把你的照片摆出来  people put up your photo
你就能通过那座桥  and you get to cross the bridge
在亡灵节时探望活着的亲人  and visit the living on Dia de Muertos.
但我不行  Unless you're me.
你不能过桥吗  You don't get to cross over?
没有人供奉我的照片  No one's ever put up my picture.
但你能改变这个状况  But you can change that!
这是你吗  This is you?
很帅吧  Mmuy guapo, eh?
所以 你带我去找我的曾曾爷爷  So, you get me to my great- great- grandpa...
等我回家后 就把你的照片供上灵坛  then I put up your photo when I get home?
真聪明 对 真是个好主意 有个问题  Such a smart boy! Yes! Great idea, yes! One hiccup.
德拉库斯很难接近  De la Cruz is a tough guy to get to
而我得尽快过桥  and I need to cross the bridge soon.
今晚就要  Like, tonight.
所以 你在这边还有别的家人吗  So, you got any other family here, you know?
比较 容易接近一点的？  Someone a bit more, eh, accessible?
没了  Nope.
别骗我 小伙子  Don't yank my chain, chamaco.
你在这边肯定还有别的家人  You got to have some other family.
只有德拉库斯  Only De la Cruz.
你要是不帮我 我就自己去找他  If you can't help me, I'll find him myself.
好 好 孩子 行 行  Okay. Okay, kid. Fine! Fine!
我带你去见你的曾曾爷爷  I'll get you to your great- great- grandpa.
找他没那么容易 知道吗 他是个大忙人  It's not gonna be easy, you know? He's a busy man.
你在做什么  What are you doing?
我在学骷髅走路 可以更像一点  I'm walking like a skeleton. Blending in.
别 骷髅不这样走路  No. Skeletons don't walk like that.
- 你就这么走路 - 不 我没有 打住  - It's how you walk. - No, I don't! Stop it!
埃内斯托·德拉库斯 光芒万丈演唱会  Ernesto De la Cruz's Sunrise Spectacular?
太酷了  Que padre!
每年你的曾曾爷爷都要举办这个无聊的演唱会  Every year your great- great- grandpa puts on that dumb show...
作为亡灵节的谢幕演出  to mark the end of Dia de Muertos.
你能带我参加  And you can get us in!
你说过你能弄到前排座位的  Hey, you said you have front row tickets!
那是骗人的 我道歉  That... was a lie. I apologize for that.
别生气 孩子 来吧 我会带你去见他的  Cool off, chamaco. Come on. I'll get you to him.
怎么去  How?
因为我正好知道他排练的地方  Because I happen to know where he's rehearsing.
你最好把我的裙子带回来了 埃克托  You better have my dress, Hector.
你好 塞西  Hola, Ceci.
- 你好 - 塞西 我把裙子弄丢了  - Hola. - Ceci, I lost the dress.
我就知道  Ya lo sabia!
我在日出前要给四十名舞者打扮好  I got to dress forty dancers by sunrise.
就因为你 现在少了一个扮弗里达的了  Thanks to you, I'm one Frida short of an opening number!
丹丹 我们不能来这儿  Dante! We shouldn't be in here.
不 不 丹丹 快过来  No, no, Dante! Ven aca!
你 你是怎么进来的  You! How did you get in here?
- 我是跟着我的狗 - 墨西哥无毛犬  - I just followed my... - Oh! The mighty Xolo dog!
给迷失的亡灵引路  Guider of wandering spirits.
你把谁的灵魂引到我这里来了  And whose spirit have you guided to me?
我觉得它不是灵魂向导  I don't think he's a spirit guide.
这个世界的爱波瑞吉有很多形态  The alebrijes of this world can take many forms.
它们神秘莫测 法力无边  They are as mysterious as they are powerful.
或许它只是条狗 来 我需要你帮我看看  Or maybe he's just a dog. Come, I need your eyes.
你当观众 关灯  You are the audience. Darkness.
黑暗中 出现了一个巨大的木瓜  And from the darkness, a giant papaya.
舞者从木瓜中诞生  Dancers emerge from the papaya,
这些舞者都是我  and the dancers are all me.
他们吸允着仙人掌母亲的乳汁  And they go to drink from the milk of their mother,
这棵仙人掌  who is a cactus.
仙人掌也是我  But who is also me.
乳汁并不是乳汁 而是泪水  And her milk is not milk but tears.
是不是太夸张了？  Is it too obvious?
我觉得恰到好处  I think it's just the right amount of obvious?
可以加点音乐 可不可以这样  It could use some music. Oh, what if you did like...
然后这样  Oh! And then it could go...
要是燃起熊熊火焰呢  And what if everything was on fire?
没错 火焰 熊熊火海  Yes! Fire! Everywhere!
太有创意了 你真有艺术家的天赋  Inspired! You have the spirit of an artist.
伴舞退场 音乐淡出 灯光渐灭  The dancers exit. The music fades, the lights go out.
然后埃内斯托·德拉库斯登台  And Ernesto de la Cruz rises to the stage!
他唱过几首歌 太阳升起 观众欢呼  He does a couple of songs, the sun rises, everyone cheers...
请问一下 德拉库斯不在这里吗  Excuse me, where's the real De la Cruz?
埃内斯托从不彩排  Ernesto doesn't do rehearsals!
他正忙着在塔顶上喝酒聚会呢  He's too busy hosting that fancy party at the top of his tower.
小子 你不能到处乱跑  Chamaco, you can't run off on me like that.
走吧 别给人家添乱了  Come on, stop pestering the celebrities.
你说我的曾曾爷爷会在这儿  You said my great- great- grandpa would be here!
结果他在开什么聚会  He's halfway across town throwing some big party.
这家伙居然连自己的演唱会都不来排练  That bum. Who doesn't show up to his own rehearsal?
你们要真是好朋友  If you're such good friends,
他怎么没请你去  how come he didn't invite you?
他还是你曾曾爷爷呢  He's your great-great-grandpa,
他怎么不邀请你  how come he didn't invite you?
古斯塔沃 塔上的聚会是什么情况  Hey, Gustavo! You know anything about this party?
一票难求啊  It's the hot ticket!
你没有邀请函的话  But if you're not on the guest list,
就不要妄想了 熏香肠  you're never getting in, Chorizo.
- 快看 是熏香肠 - 熏香肠  - Hey! It's Chorizo! - Choricito!
真好笑 真好笑  A- ha. Very funny, guys. Very funny.
熏香肠  Chorizo?
这家伙可有名了  Oh, this guy's famous!
快 问问他是怎么死的  Go on, go on. Ask him how he died.
我不想再提了  I don't want to talk about it.
他是吃香肠噎死的  He choked on some chorizo!
不是噎死 好吗  I didn't choke, okay?
是食物中毒 这两者区别可大了  I got food poisoning which is a big difference.
所以我讨厌艺人  This is why I don't like musicians.
一群自以为是的混蛋  Bunch of self- important jerks.
- 我也是搞音乐的 - 是吗  - Hey! I'm a musician! - You are?
你要真想见到埃内斯托的话  If you really want to get to Ernesto,
在德拉库斯广场  there is that music competition...
有一个才艺大赛  at the Plaza De la Cruz.
第一名就能去聚会上表演  Winner gets to play at his party.
不行 小子 别犯傻了  No, no. Chamaco, you're loco if you think...
我必须得到我曾曾爷爷的祝福  I need to get my great-great-grandfather's blessing!
你知道哪里有吉他吗  You know where I can get a guitar?
我认识个人  I know a guy.
找到了吗 小南瓜 找到他了吗  Have you found him, Pepita? Have you found our boy?
- 有脚印 - 是我们家做的鞋  - A footprint! - It's a Rivera boot.
- 7码的脚 - 7码半  - Size seven! - And a half.
- 内八字 - 是米格尔  - Pronated. - Miguel.
你干嘛想不开要搞音乐  Why the heck would you want to be a musician?
我的曾曾爷爷就是音乐家  My great- great- grandpa was a musician!
一辈子都像耍猴一样  Who spent his life performing like a monkey
演给陌生人看  for complete strangers.
还是算了吧 谢谢  No thank you. No! Guacala!
你懂什么  What do you know?
你说的吉他到底在哪里  So, how far is this guitar anyway?
快到了  We're almost there.
跟上 小子 来吧  Keep up, Chamaco. Come on.
- 埃克托表哥 - 你们好啊 姨父  - Cousin Hector! - Hey! These guys! Hey, Tio!
过得还好吗  Que onda?
他们都是你家人吗  These people are all your family?
算是吧 我们这些人都没有照片和灵坛  In a way. We're all the ones with no photos or ofrendas.
无家可归 被那边遗忘 你懂吗  No family to go home to. Nearly forgotten, you know?
所以我们就互称表哥 姨父之类的  So, we all call each other cousin, or tio, or whatever.
- 埃克托 - 切珞姨妈  - Hector! - Tia Chelo!
谢谢你了  Muchas gracias!
给我留点 猪皮哥在吗  Hey! Save some for me! Is Chicharron around?
在那边的房间里  Eh, in the bungalow.
不知道他有没有心情见你  I don't know if he's in the mood for visitors.
谁会不想见我埃克托呢  Who doesn't like a visit from Cousin Hector?
晚上好 猪皮哥  Buenas noches, Chicharron!
你别在这时候来烦我 埃克托  I don't want to see your stupid face, Hector.
别这样 几天可是亡灵节  Come on. It's Dia de Muertos.
我陪你喝两杯  I brought you a little offering.
- 滚开 - 马上 猪皮哥  - Get out of here. - I would, Cheech.
不过问题是 我和我的朋友米格尔  But the thing is, me and my friend, Miguel...
想借一下你的吉他  We really need to borrow your guitar.
- 我的吉他 - 是的  - My guitar? - Yes.
我心爱的宝贝吉他  My prized beloved guitar?
我保证马上就还你  I promise we'll bring it right back.
你之前说马上还我的小货车还没还我呢  Like the time you promised to bring back my van?
还有我的小冰箱  Or my mini- fridge?
- 这个嘛 - 我的手绢  - Ah, you see... - Or my good napkins?
我的绳子 我的大腿骨  My lasso? My femur?
这次不一样啦  Well, no, not like those times.
我的大腿骨呢 你这个  Where is my femur? You...
- 没事吧 老兄 - 我不行了 埃克托  - You okay, amigo? - I'm fading, Hector.
我能感觉到  I can feel it.
我连吉他都弹不动了  I couldn't even play that thing if I wanted to.
你弹给我听  You play me something.
不行 我说好再也不碰的 猪皮哥  No. You know I don't play anymore, Cheech.
我是帮这个孩子借的  The guitar is for the kid.
想要的话 就得给我弹一曲  You want it, you got to earn it.
为你破次例吧 老兄  Ay, only for you, amigo.
想听点什么  Any requests?
我最喜欢的那首 你懂的  You know my favorite, Hector.
谁都知道胡安妮塔  Well, everyone knows Juanita
她瞳孔有两种颜色  Her eyes each a different color
龇牙裂嘴 面容憔悴  Her teeth stick out and her chin goes in
她的  And her...
手臂关节拖在地板上  Knuckles they drag on the floor
- 你唱错词了吧 - 有孩子在场呢  - Those aren't the words. - There are children present.
头发像荆棘一样  Her hair is like a briar
站着总是两腿弯弯  She stands in a bow- legged stance
要不是我也长得奇丑  And if I weren't so ugly
她或许会对我中意  She'd possibly give me a chance
往事如风呀  Brings back memories.
谢了  Gracias.
等等 他怎么了  Wait. What happened?
彻底被遗忘了  He's been forgotten.
如果在活人世界里  When there's no one left in the living world
没人记得你的话  who remembers you...
这边的你就会消失  you disappear from this world.
我们称之为 终极死亡  We call it the final death.
那他去哪里了呢  Where did he go?
没人知道  No one knows.
可我见过他 我回去后还会记得他  But I've met him. I could remember him when I go back!
没用的 年轻人  No, it doesn't work like that, chamaco.
我们的故事 必须由那些  Our memories, they have to be passed down
我们生前认识的人  by those who knew us in life...
口口相传才管用  in the stories they tell about us.
但活人的世界里没人再提猪皮哥了  But there's no one left alive to pass down Cheech's stories.
谁都有消失的一天  Hey, it happens to everyone eventually.
来吧 未来歌神 你还要去赢得比赛呢  Come on, De la Cruzcito, you've got a contest to win.
你说你讨厌搞音乐  You told me you hated musicians.
想不到你自己就是一个  You never said you were one.
你知道我怎么认识你的曾曾爷爷的  How do you think I knew your great- great- grandpa?
我们以前是搭档  We used to play music together.
他的本事都是我教的  Taught him everything he knows.
别吹牛了 你和埃内斯托·德拉库斯是搭档  No manches! You played with Ernesto De la Cruz...
他可是史上最伟大的音乐家  the greatest musician of all time?
你可真搞笑  Ah, you're funny.
他眉毛是史上最粗的还差不多  Greatest eyebrows of all time maybe.
他的音乐嘛 别提了  But his music? Eh, not so much.
你别吹了吧  You don't know what you're talking about.
欢迎来到德拉库斯广场  Welcome to the Plaza De la Cruz!
露一手吧 小子  Showtime, Chamaco!
卖短袖啦 卖娃娃啦  Llevelo! T- shirts! Bobbleheads!
欢迎各位  Bienvenidos a todos!
准备好享用音乐盛宴了吗  Who's ready for some musica?
今晚可是一场音乐大战 朋友们  It's a battle of the bands, amigos.
获胜者可以去塔顶的聚会  The winner gets to play for the maestro himself,
为埃内斯托·德拉库斯  Ernesto de la Cruz...
演奏一曲  at his fiesta tonight!
这就是我们的入场券 小子  That's our ticket, muchacho.
比赛正式开始  Let the competition begin!
好了 你打算唱什么呢  So, what's the plan? What are you gonna play?
当然是《请记住我》  Definitely Remember Me.
不行 那首不行  No! Not that one. No.
那可是他最火的歌  Come on. It's his most popular song!
不行 有点太火了  Ah, it's too popular.
请记住我  Remember me
虽然我要去远方  Though I have to travel far
请记住我  Remember me
眼泪不要坠落  Don't let it make you cry
- 那《有点疯狂》呢 - 好主意 就这么定了  - What about Poco Loco? - Epa! Now that's a song!
未来歌神 你们准备  De la Cruzcito? You're on standby.
疯狂恰恰 你们下一组  Los Chachalacos, you're up next.
疯狂恰恰  Los Chachalacos!
你上台前都这么紧张吗  You always this nervous before a performance?
我不知道 还从来没上过台呢  I don't know. I've never performed before.
什么 你不是搞音乐的吗  What? You said you were a musician!
是啊 我是说 只要我赢了  I am! I mean, I will be.
我就是  Once I win.
你就这么打算的吗 不行 你必须赢  That's your plan? No. You have to win.
你能不能活过今晚 全靠这次了  Your life literally depends on... you winning.
可你却从没上过台  And you've never done this before!
我来替你唱吧  I'll go up there.
- 不行 我必须得上去 - 为什么  - No! I need to do this. - Why?
如果我一直这么怯场的话  If I can't go out and play one song,
怎么能自称音乐家  how can I call myself a musician?
这有什么关系  What does that matter?
我不只是想得到德拉库斯的祝福  Because I don't just want to get de la Cruz's blessing...
我想证明我配得上他的祝福  I need to prove that I'm worthy of it.
还真是感人  Oh, that's such a sweet sentiment
偏偏是现在  at such a bad time!
算了 算了 你想表演是吧  Okay! Okay. You want to perform?
那就好好表演  Then you got to perform!
首先你得放松 甩掉紧张  First, you have to loosen up. Shake off those nerves.
然后用尽全力仰天长啸  Now give me your best grito.
- 仰天长啸 - 对 喊一嗓子  - My best grito? - Come on, yell! Belt it out.
爽死了 轮到你了  Ah, it feels good. Okay, now you.
行了 小子  Oh, come on, kid.
未来歌神 该你上台了  De la Cruzcito, you're on now!
米格尔 看着我 看着我  Miguel, look at me. Hey, look at me.
你可以的  You can do this.
让你的歌声 打动他们  Grab their attention and don't let it go.
好好唱 小子 你可以的  Make them listen, Chamaco. You've got this.
未来歌神  De la Cruzcito.
他在干什么 怎么不唱  What's he doing? Why isn't he playing?
换成会唱歌的狗上台吧  Bring back the singing dogs!
好样的 快开始吧  Que bien! Vamonos! Whoo!
问天空什么色彩  What color is the sky
我的亲爱 我的亲爱  Ay mi amor, ay mi amor
你说它是红色  You tell me that it's red
我的亲爱 我的亲爱  Ay mi amor, ay mi amor
我把鞋放何处  Where should I put my shoes
我的亲爱 我的亲爱  Ay mi amor, ay mi amor
你说放在你的头上  You say put them on your head
我的亲爱 我的亲爱  Ay mi amor, ay mi amor
你令我有一点疯狂  You make me un poco loco
究竟这是怎么样  Un poqui- ti- ti- to loco
猜测并没有根据  The way you keep me guessing
我同意 我也答应  I'm nodding and I'm yes- ing
我把这当做福气  I'll count it as a blessing
我不过是有一点疯狂  That I'm only un poco loco
别 别 别  No! No! No!
跳得不错 骨头架子  Not bad for a dead guy!
你唱得也不错 小子  Not so bad yourself, gordito! Eso!
他就在附近 找到他  He's close! Find him!
这疯狂由你开始  The loco that you make me
这的确是疯狂无比  It is just un poco crazy
你真的非常无礼  The sense that you're not making
你自作主张  The liberties you're taking
让我摇头叹息  Leaves my cabeza shaking
你就是有一点疯狂  You're just un poco loco
干得漂亮 小米格尔  Idale, duro, Miguelito
我们在找一个活人小男孩  We're looking for a living kid.
十二岁左右  About twelve?
你见过一个活人小男孩吗  Have you seen a living boy?
有一点 点 点 点 点 点 点 点  Un poqui- ti- ti- ti- ti- ti- ti-
点点点点点点疯狂  ti- ti- ti- to loco
干得好 我为你骄傲  You did good! I'm proud of you. Eso!
再来一个 再来一个  Otra! Otra! Otra!
- 你要去哪儿 - 我们得赶快走  - Hey! Where are you going? - We got to get out of here!
什么 你疯了吗 我们就要赢了  What? Are you crazy? We're about to win this thing.
女士们 先生们  Damas y caballeros,
我们刚收到一条紧急通知  I have an emergency announcement.
请留意一个活人小男孩  Please be on the lookout for a living boy.
他名叫米格尔  Answers to the name of Miguel.
今晚早些时候 他从家人身边走失  Earlier tonight he ran away from his family.
他的家人希望 送他回活人世界去  They just want to send him back to the Land of the Living.
慢着  Wait, wait.
你告诉我德拉库斯是你唯一的家人  You said De la Cruz was your only family.
只有他才能送你回家  The only person who could send you home.
我的确有别的家人 但是…  I do have other family, but...
你早就能把我的照片带回去  You could have taken my photo back this whole time?
可他们讨厌音乐 我需要音乐家的祝福  But they hate music! I need a musician's blessing.
- 你骗了我 - 你还好意思说我  - You lied to me! - Oh, you're one to talk.
看看我 我就快被遗忘了 米格尔  Look at me. I'm being forgotten, Miguel.
我都不知道能不能撑过今晚  I don't even know if I'm gonna last the night.
我绝对不能错过  I'm not gonna miss my one chance
这个来之不易的过桥机会  to cross that bridge because...
就因为你要追求荒唐的音乐梦  you want to live out some stupid musical fantasy.
一点都不荒唐  It's not stupid!
我带你去找你的家人  I'm taking you to your family.
- 放开我 - 你会感谢我的  - Let go of me! - You'll thank me later.
你根本不想帮我 你只关心你自己  You don't want to help me. You only care about yourself!
你的照片还给你 离我远点  Keep your dumb photo. Stay away from me!
不  No!
孩子 你去哪儿了  Hey, chamaco! Where did you go?
孩子 对不起 快回来  Chamaco! I'm sorry! Come back!
丹丹 不要叫了 不 丹丹 别这样  Dante, callate! No! Dante, stop it.
他帮不了我  He can't help me.
但丁 行了  Dante! Stop!
别这样 别跟着我了  Stop it! Leave me alone!
你不是亡灵向导 你只是只笨狗  You're not a spirit guide. You're just a dumb dog!
快走开  Now get out of here!
- 是他 - 是那个活人小男孩  - It's him! - It's that living boy!
- 我听说过他 快看 - 他还活着  - I heard about him. Look! - He's alive!
- 他还活着 - 这个小男孩是活人  - He's alive. - The boy is alive!
别胡闹了 米格尔  This nonsense ends now, Miguel!
我现在就把祝福给你 送你回家  I am giving you my blessing and you are going home.
我不想要你的祝福  I don't want your blessing!
米格尔 站住  Miguel, stop!
回来  Come back!
米格尔  Miguel!
我是在救你的命  I am trying to save your life!
- 你是在要我的命 - 你说什么  - You're ruining my life! - What?
没有音乐 我就活得不开心  Music's the only thing that makes me happy.
可你们就是不想让我玩  And you want to take it away.
你们永远不会明白  You'll never understand.
就算要我付出生命  Y aunque la vida me cueste, Llorona
我也无法停止爱你  No dejare de quererte...
我以为你讨厌音乐  I thought you hated music.
我爱音乐 我还记得当时的感觉  Oh, I loved it! I remember that feeling...
我丈夫弹着吉他 我唱着歌  when my husband would play, and I would sing
其他的一切都不重要了  and nothing else mattered.
但当我们有了可可  But when we had Coco,
我才突然发现生命中  suddenly there was something in my life that...
有比音乐更重要的东西  mattered more than music.
我当时想安定下来  I wanted to put down roots.
可他却想唱遍全世界  He wanted to play for the world.
我们为了想要的生活 都做出了选择  We each made a sacrifice to get what we wanted.
现在你必须也做出选择  Now you must make a choice.
可我不想做选择  But I don't want to pick sides!
为什么你们就不能支持我呢  Why can't you be on my side?
一家人不是应该如此吗  That's what family's supposed to do.
彼此支持 你们永远不会  Support you. But you never will.
- 祝您玩得愉快 - 太激动了  - Have a good time. - Oh, how exciting!
凡度先生 我是您的粉丝 可以合张影吗  Oh, El Santo. I'm a big fan! You mind if I...
谢谢您 先生  Gracias, Senor.
- 有邀请函吗 - 我用不着  - Invitation? - It's okay.
我是埃内斯托的曾曾孙子  I'm Ernesto's great- great- grandson.
打扰一下 先生们  Disculpen, senores...
大伙儿快看 是那个唱《有点疯狂》的孩子  Hey, guys! It's poco loco!
- 你今晚的表演太精彩了 - 你们也是  - You were on fire tonight! - You too!
看在是同行的份上 帮我个忙行吗  Hey, musician to musician... I need a favor.
是音乐大赛冠军 祝贺你们 请进  Oh, the competition winners. Congratulations, chicos.
多谢各位  Thanks, guys!
自己去玩吧 小音乐家  Hey! Enjoy the party, little musico!
谢谢  Gracias!
看 那是埃内斯托  Look! It's Ernesto!
德拉库斯  De la Cruz!
德拉库斯先生  Senor de la Cruz!
借过 德拉库斯先生 德拉…  Pardon me! Senor De la Cruz! Senor De la...
当你的机会到来时  When you see your moment,
你绝不能轻易放过  you mustn't let it pass you by.
你必须抓住机遇  You must seize it.
就快到了 丹丹  We're almost there, Dante.
德拉库斯先生 德拉…  Senor De la Cruz! Senor De la...
我们又能怎么办呢 没有用的  But what can we do? It is hopeless...
你得有信心 修女  You must have faith, sister.
神父 可他不会听我的  But Padre, he will never listen.
那就用音乐 来说服他  He will listen... to music.
女士们和先生们 各位午安 各位晚安  Senoras y senores, buenas tardes, buenas noches
各位午安 各位晚安 女士们和先生们  Buenas tardes, buenas noches Senoritas y senores
在今夜跟你相遇 带给我满心的欢喜  To be here with you tonight Brings me joy! Que alegria
我用音乐代替言语  For this music is my language
这世界是个大家庭  And the world es mi familia
我用音乐代替言语  For this music is my language
这世界是个大家庭  And the world es mi familia
我用音乐代替言语  For this music is my language
这世界是个大家庭  And the world es mi familia
我用音乐代替言语  For this music is my lang...
你没事吧 孩子  Are you all right, nino?
是你 那个小男孩  It's you! You are that boy!
你就是那个从活人的世界来的小男孩  The one who came from the Land of the Living.
您…知道我  You... know about me?
人人都在说你的事  You are all anyone has been talking about.
你怎么到这儿来了  Why have you come here?
我叫米格尔 您的曾曾孙子  I'm Miguel. Your great- great- grandson.
我…有个曾曾孙子  I... have a great- great- grandson?
我需要您的祝福  I need your blessing
才能回家去 成为一个音乐家  so I can go back home and be a musician.
就像您一样  Just like you.
家里的其他人 都不听我说  The rest of our family, they wouldn't listen.
我希望您会听我  But I hoped you would.
孩子 你有这般的天赋 我怎么会不支持呢  My boy, with a talent like yours, how could I not listen?
我有个曾曾孙子  I have a great- great- grandson!
- 快看 是弗里达 - 没错 是我 弗里达·卡罗  - Look! It's Frida! - Yes, it is I. Frida Kahlo.
- 是我的荣幸 女士 - 谢谢  - It is an honor, Senora. - Gracias.
内格雷特 伊凡特  Hey, Negrete! Infante!
你们见过我的曾曾孙子没  Have you met my great- great- grandson?
这是我的曾曾孙子  My great- great- grandson.
他还活着 他是个小小音乐家  He's alive! And a musician to boot!
有酒窝没酒窝 有酒窝没酒窝  Dimple. No dimple. Dimple. No dimple.
没酒窝  No dimple!
敬我们的友谊  To our friendship.
我愿为你赴汤蹈火 我的朋友 干杯  I would move Heaven and Earth for you, mi amigo. Salud!
有毒  Poison!
你知道吗 我从不用替身演员  You know, I did all my own stunts.
虽然再见必须说 请记住我  Though I have to say goodbye Remember me...
这些都是我在活人世界的东西  All of this came from my amazing fans
众多歌迷送的  in the Land of the Living.
太多了 我都不知道该拿它们怎么办  They leave me more offerings than I know what to do with!
怎么了  Hey, what's wrong?
一下子接受不了吗 你看起来有点迷茫  Is it too much? You look overwhelmed.
- 没事 一切都很好 - 那你是  - No! It's all great! - But?
只是  It's just...
只是我从小到大一直把您视为偶像  I have been looking up to you my whole life.
您在我心中无所不能  You're the guy who actually did it!
但是您有后悔过吗  But did you ever regret it?
为了音乐放弃了一切  Choosing music over everything else?
确实很艰难  It was hard.
告别家乡 独自上路  Saying goodbye to my hometown. Heading off on my own...
还离开了家人  Leaving your family?
是的 我也不会做第二种选择  Si. But I could not have done it differently.
这是命中注定的  One cannot deny who one is meant to be.
而你 我的曾曾孙子  And you, my great-great-grandson,
天生就要成为音乐家  are meant to be a musician!
你和我 米格尔 我们都是艺术家  You and I, we are artists, Miguel.
我们不能拘泥于小家  We cannot belong to one family.
整个世界都是我们的家  The world is our family.
开始放烟花了  The fireworks have begun!
再过一会儿 我的光芒万丈演唱会就要开始了  Soon the party will move across town for my Sunrise Spectacular.
米格尔 你一定要来  Miguel, you must come to the show!
你可以做我的特邀嘉宾  You will be my guest of honor!
- 你是说真的吗 - 当然了 孩子  - You mean it? - Of course, my boy.
可我去不了  I can't.
我得在日出前回到家里  I have to get home before sunrise.
对 我得赶紧送你回家了  Oh! I really do need to get you home.
这是我的荣幸  It has been an honor.
真不想把你送走 米格尔  I am sorry to see you go, Miguel.
希望你早点过来  I hope you die very soon.
你知道我的意思  You know what I mean.
米格尔 我把祝福送给你  Miguel, I give you my bless...
我们说好的 孩子  We had a deal, chamaco.
你是谁 这是什么意思  Who are you? What is the meaning of this?
弗里达 我还以为你来不来了  Oh, Frida! I thought you couldn't make it.
你说会帮我把照片带回去  You said you'd take back my photo.
你答应过我的 米格尔  You promised, Miguel.
你认识这个 男人吗  You know this, uh, man?
今晚刚认识的 他说他认识你  Uh, I just met him tonight. He told me he knew you.
埃克托  Hector?
求你了 米格尔 把我的照片放上灵台  Please, Miguel. Put my photo up.
我的朋友 其实人们都把你忘了  My friend, you're being forgotten.
- 这又是谁的错 - 埃克托 别这样  - And whose fault is that? - Hector, please...
你拿了我的歌 是我的歌让你出了名  Those were my songs you took. My songs that made you famous.
- 什么 - 如果大家真把我忘了  - What? - If I'm being forgotten,
那是因为你没告诉大家 歌是我写的  it's because you never told anyone that I wrote them!
你胡说 德拉库斯的歌是他自己写的  That's crazy! De la Cruz wrote all his own songs.
你自己告诉他真相 还是我来说？  You want to tell him or should I?
埃克托 我从没要抢你的功劳  Hector, I never meant to take credit.
我们曾是好搭档 可你死了  We made a great team, but you died...
我唱你的歌  and I only sang your songs
是因为我希望你的生命能以这种方式延续  because I wanted to keep a part of you alive.
你真是好心啊  Oh, how generous!
你们以前真的是搭档  You really did play together.
我不想再跟你计较这些了  I don't want to fight about it.
我只希望你能做点补偿  I just want you to make it right.
让米格尔把我的照片放上灵台 我就能走过花瓣桥  Miguel can put my photo up, and I can cross over the bridge.
去看我的女儿  I can see my girl.
埃内斯托 记得我离开那晚吗  Ernesto, remember the night I left?
那是很久前的事了  That was a long time ago.
我们一起喝酒 你告诉我  We drank together and you told me
你说是我的朋友 愿意为我赴汤蹈火  you would move Heaven and Earth... for your amigo.
现在 我希望你能帮帮我  Well, I'm asking you to now.
赴汤蹈火 就像电影里说的  Heaven and Earth? Like in the movie?
- 什么 - 那是德拉库斯的电影  - What? - That's Don Hidalgo's toast.
《回家路上》里希达戈先生的祝酒词  In the De la Cruz movie, El Camino a Casa.
我说的是我自己 米格尔  I'm talking about my real life, Miguel.
不 电影里也有 看  No! It's in there. Look!
没有比这更真切的语言了  Never were true words spoken.
这值得敬一杯 敬我们的友谊  This calls for a toast. To our friendship!
我愿为你赴汤蹈火 我的朋友  I would move Heaven and Earth for you, mi amigo.
但在电影里 希达戈先生在酒里下了毒  But in the movie, Don Hidalgo poisons the drink.
- 干杯 - 有毒  - Salud! - Poison!
那天晚上 埃内斯托 我死的那天晚…  That night, Ernesto. The night I left...
我们已经在外演出了好几个月  We'd been performing on the road for months.
我突然很想家  I got homesick...
于是收拾了东西  and I packed up my songs.
你怎么能退出  You want to give up now
我们就差一点就能实现梦想了  when we're this close to reaching our dream?
那是你的梦想 你自己去追  This was your dream. You'll manage.
没有你的歌 我做不到 埃克托  I can't do this without your songs, Hector.
我要回家了 安室透  I'm going home, Ernesto.
随你怎么恨我 反正我已经决定了  Hate me if you want, but my mind is made up.
我怎么会恨你  Oh, I could never hate you.
既然你坚持要走 那我就敬你一杯 为你送行  If you must go, then I'm sending you off with a toast.
敬我们的友谊  To our friendship.
我愿为你赴汤蹈火 我的朋友 干杯  I would move Heaven and Earth for you, mi amigo. Salud!
你送我去车站  You walked me to the train station.
我突然觉得胃里一阵绞痛  But I felt a pain in my stomach.
我以为是我吃了不该吃的东西  I thought it must have been something I ate.
也许是熏香肠坏了 我的朋友  Perhaps it was that chorizo, my friend.
原来是喝了不该喝的  Or something I drank.
我就这样死了  I woke up dead.
你毒死了我  You poisoned me.
你把电影和现实搞混了 埃克托  You're confusing movies with reality, Hector.
一直以来 我都觉得自己运气不好  All this time, I thought it was just bad luck.
从没想过是你 是你…  I never thought that you might have... That you...
- 你怎么可以这样 - 埃克托  - How could you? - Hector!
来人啊 快来人  Security! Security!
你夺走了我的一切 你真卑鄙  You took everything away from me! You rat!
看好他 他有病  Have him taken care of. He's not well.
我只是想要回家 不 不  I just wanted to go back home. No! No!
真抱歉 我们刚才说到哪儿了  I apologize. Where were we?
你正准备把祝福送给我  You were going to give me your blessing.
对 没错  Yes. Uh, si.
米格尔 我的个人名誉  Miguel, uh, my reputation...
对我来说非常重要  It is very important to me.
我不想让你以为…  I would hate to have you think...
你为了偷埃克托的歌 谋杀了他  That you murdered Hector for his songs?
你不会这么想吧 对吗  You don't think that. Do you?
我…当然不会了 人人都知道你是个好人  I... No. Everyone knows you're the good guy.
埃内斯托曾曾爷爷 我的祝福呢  Papa Ernesto, my blessing?
来人 看好米格尔 他暂时回不去了  Security? Take care of Miguel. He'll be extending his stay.
什么 我可是你的家人  What? But I'm your family!
埃克托以前是我最好的朋友  And Hector was my best friend.
成功是要付出代价的 米格尔  Success doesn't come for free, Miguel.
你得抓住一切机会  You have to be willing to do whatever it takes
才能成功  to seize your moment.
你会明白的  I know you understand.
不 不  No! No!
放开我 不  Let go! No!
救命 有人吗  Help! Can anyone hear me?
我想回家  I want to go home.
- 埃克托 - 孩子  - Hector? - Kid?
埃克托 你说得对  Oh, Hector! You were right.
我早该回去找我的家人  I should have gone back to my family.
他们告诉过我 不要学德拉库斯  They told me not to be like De la Cruz,
可我就是不听  but I didn't listen.
我还说我不在乎 他们记不记得我  I told them I didn't care if they remembered me.
我说我不在乎 照片能不能上灵台  I didn't care if I was on their stupid ofrenda.
孩子 没关系 没事的  Hey, chamaco. It's okay. It's okay.
我跟他们说 我都不在乎  I told them I didn't care.
埃克托 埃克托  Hector! Hector?
她快把我忘了  She's forgetting me.
- 谁 - 我的女儿  - Who? - My daughter.
你这么想过桥 就是为了去见她  She's the reason you wanted to cross the bridge.
我只想再看看她  I just wanted to see her again.
我当初真不该离开圣塞西莉亚  I never should have left Santa Cecilia.
我多想跟她说声对不起  I wish I could apologize.
多想告诉她 爸爸真的很想回家  I wish I could tell her that her papa was trying to come home.
告诉她 爸爸非常爱她  That he loved her so much.
我的可可  My Coco...
可可  Coco?
这是从哪儿来的  Where did you get this?
这是我的太奶奶可可 这是我的曾曾奶奶伊美黛  That's my Mama Coco. That's my Mama Imelda.
这是你吗  Is that you?
- 我们是…一家人 - 一家人  - We're...Family? - Family?
我一直希望还能再见到她  I always hoped I'd see her again.
希望她也想我  That she'd miss me.
希望她会把我的照片放上灵坛 可是从来没有  Maybe put up my photo. But it never happened.
你知道最让我难过的是什么  You know the worst part?
我以为 就算我不能去活人世界见我的可可  Even if I never got to see Coco in the living world...
总有一天 我会在这里见到她  I thought at least one day I'd see her here.
我一定要好好抱抱她  Give her the biggest hug.
可她是活人世界里 最后一个记得我的人  But she's the last person who remembers me.
一旦她离开了活人世界  The moment she's gone from the living world...
你就会从这里消失  You disappear... from this one.
你再也见不到她了  You'll never get to see her.
再也见不到了  Ever again.
知道吗 我给她写过一首歌  You know, I wrote her a song once.
以前我们每天晚上 都会一起唱  We used to sing it every night at the same time.
不管离家多远 我都会唱  No matter how far apart we were.
我好想再为她唱一次  What I wouldn't give to sing it to her
就唱最后一次  one... last... time.
请记住我  Remember me
虽然再见必须说  Though I have to say goodbye
请记住我  Remember me
眼泪不要坠落  Don't let it make you cry
我虽然要离你远去  For even if I'm far away
你住在我心底  I hold you in my heart
在每个分离的夜里  I sing a secret song to you
为你唱一首歌  Each night we are apart
请记住我  Remember me
爸爸  Papa!
虽然我要去远方  Though I have to travel far
请记住我  Remember me
当听见吉他的悲伤  Each time you hear a sad guitar
这就是我跟你在一起唯一的凭据  Know that I'm with you the only way that I can be
直到我再次拥抱你  Until you're in my arms again
请记住我  Remember me
他偷了你的吉他 还偷了你的歌  He stole your guitar. He stole your songs.
原来被世人铭记的应该是你 不是德拉库斯  You should be the one the world remembers, not De la Cruz!
这首歌不是写给大家的  I didn't write Remember Me for the world.
是写给我的可可  I wrote it for Coco.
作为你的曾曾爷爷 我真的不够格  I'm a pretty sorry excuse for a great- great- grandpa.
你在开玩笑吗  Are you kidding?
我刚刚还以为 我的曾曾爷爷是个杀人犯  A minute ago I thought I was related to a murderer.
你可比他好太多了  You're a total upgrade.
从小到大 我都觉得  My whole life, there's been something...
我跟家里人不太一样  that made me different.
我从不知道为何如此  And I never knew where it came from.
现在我知道了 是因为你  But now I know. It comes from you.
我们是一家人 太好了  I'm proud we're family!
我们是一家人太好了  I'm proud to be his family!
太好了 我们是一家人  I'm proud to be his family!
丹丹  Dante?
丹丹  Dante!
是丹丹  It's Dante!
- 伊美黛 - 埃克托  - Imelda! - Hector.
好久不见  You look good.
丹丹 你一直都知道 埃克托是我的曾曾爷爷  Dante! You knew he was my Papa Hector the whole time!
你是真正的灵魂向导  You are a real spirit guide.
谁是最棒的灵魂向导 是你  Who's the good spirit guide? You are!
丹丹  Dante!
他们回来了  There they are!
米格尔 小米格尔  Miguel! Miguelito!
看 是米格尔 他没事  Look, it's Miguel! He's all right.
太好了 谢天谢地  Que bueno. Gracias, Dios mio.
亲爱的 我担心死了  Mijo, I was so worried!
谢天谢地 我们及时找到你了  Thank goodness we found you in time.
至于你 我告诉你多少次了 我不想见你  And you... How many times must I turn you away?
伊美黛  Imelda.
我不想跟你有任何关系 活着不想 死了也一样  I want nothing to do with you! Not in life, not in death!
我花了几十年 让家人远离你的错误  I spent decades protecting my family from your mistakes.
他跟你在一起才五分钟  He spends five minutes with you
就被带入坑里去了  and I have to fish him out of a sinkhole!
这不是埃克托的错  I wasn't in there because of Hector.
是我害他掉进去的  He was in there because of me.
他只是想帮我回家  He was just trying to get me home!
是我不听话 他说得对  I didn't want to listen, but he was right.
没有什么比家人更重要  Nothing's more important than family.
我准备好接受您的祝福了  I'm ready to accept your blessing.
还有您的所有条件  And your conditions.
但首先 我得找到德拉库斯  But first, I need to find De la Cruz.
拿回埃克托的照片  To get Hector's photo.
- 什么 - 这样他才能再见到可可  - What? - So he can see Coco again.
家里的灵坛上应该有他  Hector should be on our ofrenda.
他也是我们的家人  He's part of our family.
是他先离开这个家的  He left this family!
他本来想回来找你和可可的  He tried to go home to you and Coco.
可德拉库斯害死了他  But De la Cruz murdered him!
是真的 伊美黛  It's true, Imelda.
是真的又怎么样  And so what if it's true?
你当初扔下我一个人抚养孩子  You leave me alone with a child to raise...
我就该这么原谅你吗  and I'm just supposed to forgive you?
伊美黛 我…  Imelda, I...
埃克托  Hector!
我快没时间了 可可她  I'm running out of time. It's Coco.
她快把你忘了  She's forgetting you.
你可以不原谅他  You don't have to forgive him.
但我们不该忘了他  But we shouldn't forget him.
我想忘掉你  I wanted to forget you.
我还想让可可也把你忘掉 可是…  I wanted Coco to forget you too, but...
这是我的错 不怪你  This is my fault. Not yours.
对不起 伊美黛  I'm sorry, Imelda.
米格尔 我们帮你拿回他的照片  Miguel, if we help you get his photo,
你就乖乖回家吗？  you will return home?
再也不碰音乐  No more music?
家人最重要  Family comes first.
我没法原谅你  I can't forgive you.
但我会帮助你  But I will help you.
我们要怎么接近德拉库斯  So, how do we get to De la Cruz?
我有个办法也许行  I might know a way.
- 祝你好运 孩子 - 谢谢你 弗里达  - Good luck, muchacho. - Gracias, Frida.
- 来 我帮你 - 别碰我  - Here, let me help you with... - Don't touch me!
- 大家都清楚计划了吗 - 找到埃克托的照片  - Everyone clear on the plan? - Find Hector's photo.
- 拿给米格尔 - 送米格尔回家  - Give it to Miguel. - Send Miguel home.
都有花瓣吗  Got your petals?
现在我们只要找到德拉库斯  Now, we just have to find De la Cruz.
谁找我  Yes?
我认识你吗  Don't I know you?
这是教训你谋杀了我最爱的人  That's for murdering the love of my life!
- 谁 你说谁 - 她说的是我  - Who... Who the... - She's talking about me!
我是你最爱的人吗  I'm the love of your life?
我不知道 我的气还没消呢  I don't know. I'm still angry at you.
埃克托 你是怎么…  Hector! How did you...
这是教训你差点害死我家的曾曾孙子  And that's for trying to murder my grandson.
- 曾曾孙子？- 她说的是我  - Grandson? - She's talking about me!
你 慢着 你和埃克托是一家人？  You! Wait. You're related to Hector?
照片  The photo!
抓住他  After him!
来人 快保护我  Security! Ayudenme!
- 你说我是你最爱的人 - 谁知道我刚才说了什么  - You said love of your life. - I don't know what I said.
我听到你说了  That's what I heard.
请就位 先生 三十秒后该上场了  Places, Senor. You're on in thirty seconds.
米格尔 我拿到了  Miguel! I have it!
快 快点  Hurry! Come on!
女士们 先生们  Ladies and gentlemen...
欢迎举世无双的歌神  the one... the only...
埃内斯托·德拉库斯  Ernesto De la Cruz!
把她给我抓下来  Get her off the stage.
唱 唱  Sing! Sing!
可怜的我  Ay, de mí Llorona
天蓝色的 哭泣的女人  Llorona de azul celeste
可怜的我  Ay, de mí Llorona
天蓝色的 哭泣的女人  Llorona de azul celeste
虽然生活对我百般折磨 哭泣的女人  Y aunque la vida me cueste, Llorona
也无法让我停止爱你  No dejaré de quererte
也无法让我停止爱你  No dejaré de quererte
我爬上松林之颠  Me subí al pino más alto, Llorona
是为了看到你  A ver si te divisaba
像那松树一样容易流泪 哭泣的女人  Como el pino era tierno, Llorona
看到我在流泪了吧  Al verme llorar, lloraba
可怜的我 流泪的女人  Ay, de mí Llorona, Llorona
天蓝色的 哭泣的女人  Llorona de azul celeste
可怜的我 哭泣的女人  Ay, de mí Llorona, Llorona
天蓝色的 哭泣的女人  Llorona de azul celeste
虽然生活对我百般折磨 哭泣的女人  Y aunque la vida me cueste, Llorona
我也不会停止爱你  No dejaré de quererte
放开我  Let go of me!
也无法让我停止爱你  No dejaré de quererte
也无法让我停止爱你  No dejaré de quererte
也无法让我停止爱你  No dejaré de quererte
我快忘记唱歌的感觉了  I forgot what that felt like.
你还是唱得很好  You still got it.
米格尔 我把祝福送给你  Miguel, I give you my blessing.
送你回家 把我们的照片放上灵坛  To go home, to put up our photos
永远  and to never...
永远别碰音乐  Never play music again.
永远记住你的家人有多么爱你  To never forget how much your family loves you.
回家吧  You're going home.
你哪儿也不许去  You're not going anywhere.
伊美黛  Imelda!
退后 退后  Stay back! Stay back!
你们都给我退后 别再过来了  All of you, stay back. Not one more step.
丹丹  Dante!
埃内斯托 住手 放开那孩子  Ernesto, stop! Leave the boy alone.
我付出了这么多 埃克托  I've worked too hard, Hector.
我不能让他毁了我的一切  Too hard to let him destroy everything.
这孩子还活着 埃内斯托  He's a living child, Ernesto.
他是个威胁  He's a threat!
你以为我会让他  You think I'd let him go back
带着你的照片 回到活人世界吗  to the Land of the Living with your photo?
让世人都记起你吗 不  To keep your memory alive? No.
- 你这个胆小鬼 - 我是埃内斯托·德拉库斯  - You're a coward! - I am Ernesto De la Cruz.
世上最伟大的音乐家  The greatest musician of all time!
埃克托才是最伟大的音乐家  Hector's the real musician.
是你谋杀了他 偷走了他的歌  You're just the guy who murdered him and stole his songs!
谋杀  Murdered?
我只是用尽办法  I am the one who's willing to do
抓住我的机遇  what it takes to seize my moment.
不惜一切代价  Whatever it takes.
不  No!
- 米格尔 - 米格尔  - Miguel! - Miguel!
对不起了 老朋友 演出还得继续  Apologies, old friend. But the show must go on.
抱歉 抱歉 我的家人们  Please, please, mi familia.
杀人犯  Murderer!
乐队准备 1 2 1  Orchestra. A- one, a- two, a- one...
请记住我  Remember me
虽然再见…  Though I have to s...
看  Look!
乖猫咪  Nice kitty.
放我下来 不 求求你  Put me down! No, please!
求求你 停下 快停下 不  I beg of you! Stop! Stop! No!
不 不  No! No!
我错过了什么  What did I miss?
真棒 丹丹  Good boy, Dante!
米格尔  Miguel!
埃克托 照片…我没抓住  Hector! The photo... I lost it!
没关系 亲爱的 没关…  It's okay, mijo. It's o...
埃克托 埃克托  Hector! Hector?
可可  Coco.
不 我们还能把照片找回来  No! We can still find the photo.
米格尔 太阳就快升起了  Miguel, it's almost sunrise.
不 不 我还不能走  No, no. I can't leave you.
我答应过 要把你的照片放到灵坛上  I promised I'd put your photo up.
让你再见到可可太奶奶  I promised you'd see Coco.
我们都快没时间了  We're both out of time, mijo.
不 不 她不能忘了你  Oh no! No! She can't forget you!
我只希望她知道 我爱她  I just wanted her to know that I loved her.
埃克托  Hector!
我们把祝福送给你 米格尔  You have our blessing, Miguel.
没有任何条件  No conditions.
不 埃克托曾曾爷爷 求求你  No! Papa Hector, please!
不  No!
回家去  Go home.
我发誓不会让太奶奶忘记你  I promise I won't let Coco forget you!
他在那里  There he is!
米格尔 等等  Miguel! Stop!
你去哪里了  Where have you been?
我得去找太奶奶 求求你  I need to see Mama Coco, please.
你拿着吉他干什么 给我  What are you doing with that... Give it to me!
米格尔 站住 米格尔 米格尔  Miguel, stop! Miguel! Miguel!
可可太奶奶 你能听到吗 我是米格尔  Mama Coco? Can you hear me? It's Miguel.
我见到你爸爸了 记得吗 爸爸  I saw your papa. Remember? Papa?
求求你 要是你也把他忘了 他就会消失了  Please! If you forget him, he'll be gone.
永远消失  Forever.
米格尔 把门打开  Miguel, open this door!
看 这是他的吉他 对吗  Here. This was his guitar, right?
他以前总弹给您听  He used to play it to you?
看 这个是他 爸爸  See? There he is! Papa!
记得吗 爸爸  Remember? Papa?
米格尔  Miguel!
可可太奶奶 求求你 不要忘记他  Mama Coco, please! Don't forget him.
你缠着太奶奶干什么  What are you doing to that poor woman?
没事的 妈 没事的  It's okay, Mamita. It's okay.
你怎么回事  What's gotten into you?
我以为你再也回不来了 米格尔  I thought I'd lost you, Miguel.
对不起 爸爸  I'm sorry, Papa.
我们一家人又在一起了 这才是最重要的  We're all together now. That's what matters.
还缺一个人  Not all of us.
没事了 妈妈  It's okay, Mamita.
米格尔 给你太奶奶道个歉  Miguel, you apologize to your Mama Coco.
可可太奶奶？  Mama Coco?
快点道歉  Well? Apologize!
可可太奶奶  Mama Coco?
您的爸爸 想让您再听听这首歌  Your papa, he wanted you to have this.
妈妈 等等  Mama, wait!
请记住我  Remember me
虽然再见必须说  Though I have to say goodbye
请记住我  Remember me
眼泪不要坠落  Don't let it make you cry
我虽然要离你远去  For even if I'm far away
你住在我心底  I hold you in my heart
在每个分离的夜里  I sing a secret song to you
为你唱一首歌  Each night we are apart
请记住我  Remember me
虽然我要去远方  Though I have to travel far
请记住我  Remember me
当听见吉他的悲伤  Each time you hear a sad guitar
这就是我跟你在一起唯一的凭据  Know that I'm with you the only way that I can be
直到我再次拥抱你  Until you're in my arms again
请记住我  Remember me
埃琳娜 你怎么了 亲爱的  Elena? What's wrong, mija?
没事 妈妈 我没事  Nothing, Mama. Nothing at all.
我爸爸以前总会给我唱这首歌  My papa used to sing me that song.
他很爱你 太奶奶  He loved you, Mama Coco.
你的爸爸非常非常爱你  Your papa loved you so much.
我还留着他的信  I kept his letters.
里面有他给我写的诗 还有这个  Poems he wrote me. And...
爸爸是个音乐家  Papa was a musician.
我小的时候  When I was a little girl...
他和妈妈总会一起唱好听的歌  he and Mama would sing such beautiful songs.
请看这里  And right over here,
这是圣塞西莉亚的文化瑰宝之一  one of Santa Cecilia's greatest treasures.
尊敬的歌曲家埃克托·里维拉的故居  The home of the esteemed song writer, Hector Rivera.
在他写给女儿可可的家书中  The letters Hector wrote home for his daughter, Coco,
蕴藏着很多脍炙人口的歌词  contain the lyrics for all of your favorite songs.
不仅仅是《请记住我》  Not just Remember Me.
这是胡里奥太爷爷  And that man is your Papa Julio.
这是罗西塔太姑妈和维多利亚姨奶奶  And there's Tia Rosita and your Tia Victoria.
这是奥斯卡和菲利普舅爷  And those two are Oscar and Felipe.
这些照片里的人 都是我们的家人  These aren't just old pictures, they're our family...
我们永远不能忘记他们  and they're counting on us to remember them.
- 你叫我疯子 我傻得可以 - 下一位  - Say that I'm crazy or call me a fool - Next!
祝探亲愉快 埃克托  Enjoy your visit, Hector.
但昨夜梦里 我仿佛看见你  But last night it seemed that I dreamed about you
- 爸爸 - 可可  - Papa! - Coco!
当我开口要说  When I opened my mouth
言语变一首歌  what came out was a song
每一句都熟悉  And you know every word
我们来一起唱  and we all sang along
美丽旋律响起  To a melody played
灵魂在音符里  on the strings of our souls
我们身体摆动 跟着音乐节奏  And a rhythm that rattled us down to the bone
我们相亲相爱 生命不灭不息  Our love for each other will live on forever
我的心跳 全都充满自豪  In every beat of my proud corazon
我们相亲相爱 生命不灭不息  Our love for each other will live on forever
我的心跳 全都充满自豪  In every beat of my proud corazon
我的大家庭 我的好朋友  Ay mi familia Oiga mi gente
你可感觉到 你可知道  Canten a coro Let it be known
我们相亲相爱 生命不灭不息  Our love for each other will live on forever
我的心跳 全都充满自豪  In every beat of my proud corazon
我的大家庭 我的好朋友  Ay mi familia Oiga mi gente
你可感觉到 你可知道  Canten a coro Let it be known
我们相亲相爱 生命不灭不息  Our love for each other will live on forever
我的心跳 全都充满自豪  In every beat of my proud corazon

