与  恐  龙  同  行
科迪亚克岛的上空飘着一些云  with some lingering clouds around Kodiak Island.
阿拉斯加州东南部山区  Look for a chance of overnight showers
晚上可能会降雨  along the mountainous areas of South Eastern Alaska.
现在 回到阿拉斯加广播电台的KBWZ音乐时间  And now back to music on KBWZ, Alaska listens.
布拉德?  Brad?
等下 信号断了 什么?  Wait, you cut out. What?
不  伙计 我父母去了欧洲  No, dude, my parents went to Europe
他们把我们送来阿拉斯加让我们跟着叔叔  and they sent us to Alaska to hang out with my uncle.
没关系  It's fine.
是的 我叔叔是个古生物学家  Yeah, my uncle is a paleontologist.
他收集恐龙骨头 我猜他要带着我们一起去工作  He collects dinosaur bones. I guess he's taking us to work with him.
布拉德?  Brad?
布拉德? 布拉德 你在听么？  Brad? Brad, are you there?
这下好了 没信号了  Great, no signal.
我们到底要去哪？  Where are we going anyway?
我给你看样东西  I'll give you a clue.
我在这附近发现的  I got it in here somewhere.
啊 就是这个  Ah, there we go!
看看这个  Check it out.
这是什么?  What is it?
伙计 那是戈尔冈龙的牙齿  That, my friend, is the tooth of a Gorgosaurus.
好帅！    可不是嘛  Cool!     Isn't it?
它的体型几乎跟霸王龙一样大 但速度快多了  You know, it was almost as big as a T  Rex, but way faster.
它们在几百万年前生活在地球上 而如今早已灭绝  They roamed the Earth millions of years ago and they got wiped out.
它们仅存的后代就是小鸟之类的生物  Their only living descendants are birds and blah, blah, blah.
别这样 伙计 你以前那么喜欢恐龙 还是个专家  Oh, come on, man. You used to love dinosaurs, you were an expert.
这家伙一定相当可怕  This guy must have been really scary.
你觉得它的牙是怎么掉的?  How do you think he lost his tooth?
这只戈尔冈龙?    是的  The Gorge?      Yeah.
我想也许它和一群恐龙大干了一架  I wonder if he was in, like, a huge fight with a load of other dinosaurs.
我朋友娜塔莉在学校撞到旗杆上 掉了两颗牙齿  My friend, Natalie, she ran into a flagpole at school and lost two teeth.
血流满地  There was blood everywhere.
是啊 旗杆确实有这个功效  Yeah, a flagpole will do that.
走吧  Let's go!
你确定你不一起来?  You sure you don't want to come?
我对挖那些死的东西不感兴趣  I'm not really into digging up dead things.
好吧 不要离车太远  All right. Well,stay close to the truck.
如果你改主意了 就顺着这条小径走就好  If you change your mind, just follow the trail up.
了解  Got it.
好的 伙计  Okay, bud.
哔！  Psst!
哔！哔！  Psst! Psst!
嘿 小朋友  Hey, kid.
是的 你 我跟你说话呢  Yeah, you. I'm talking to you.
怎么? 你从没听过鸟说话?  What's wrong? You never heard a bird talk before?
你认为你自己非常聪明 是吗?  You think you're pretty smart, don't you?
没关系  我并不介意  It's all right. I'm not offended about
你说我祖先的那些坏话  those things you said about my ancestors.
完全无所谓 你应该看看你的祖先  Totally cool with it. You should see your ancestors.
就三个字形容 太丑了  three words, u  g  ly.
要知道每个化石的背后都有一个故事  But you know that every fossil tells a story
这颗牙齿就有一个很棒的故事  and this tooth tells a pretty good one.
所以赶紧的 捡起它 快点 赶快 捡起它  So go ahead and pick it up. Come on, come on, pick it up.
捡起它 捡起它  Pick it up, pick it up!
拜托 它又不会咬你  至少现在已经咬不了了  Come on, it won't bite you. Not anymore, at least.
但它会开启一扇通往远古的窗口  it will, however, open a window into the ancient past.
那是一个充满奇迹和危险的活力世界  A vibrant world of wonder and danger,
那时恐龙生活在地球上  when dinosaurs roamed the earth
小鸟们看起来就像这样  and birds looked a little more like this.
那儿 看见了吗? 现在 我们可以开始了  There, you see? Now we can begin.
你能跟得上么?  And try to keep up, will you?!
7千万年前的白垩纪晚期  70 million years ago, in the late Cretaceous period of bird.
地球上生活着一只神奇的小鸟  planet Earth there lived a miraculous
就是我 亚历克斯  That's me, Alex!
阿克西鸟是白垩纪晚期的一属反鸟亚纲鸟类  遗骸是颅后的碎片，是在墨西哥下加利福尼亚州发现的  以动物学家亚历山大·韦特莫尔的名字命名 食虫动物  阿克西鸟 意为亚历山大之鸟 食虫动物  Alexornis, meaning Alexander's Bird, insectivore.
我有美丽的羽毛  Note the beautiful plumage
宽广的翼展和经典的弯喙  majestic wingspan,the classically curved beak.
这可不是吹牛 我可是集所有优点于一身的典范  Not to brag, but I am kind of the whole package.
当然了 如果你熟悉白垩纪的话  Of course, if you're familiar with the Cretaceous Period,
你可能知道这些  you probably know all of this.
嗯  Hmm.
仔细看  Now watch closely.
这可是精细的操作 最好留给专业人士  This is a delicate operation, best left to the professionals.
啊 诱人的腐味  Ah, the enticing smell of decay.
看看这些堆积的牙垢 太好吃了  Look at this tartar build  up. Mmm!
嘿 小心点  Hey, watch it!
我跟你说 对一只小鸟来说在这里生存是很难的  I'm telling you, it's hard out here for a bird!
但是对我来说已经够好了  But enough about me.
你将要看到的故事与我一个朋友有关  The story you're about to see concerns a friend of mine.
我只能说这个故事相当精彩  I gotta say, it's a pretty good one,
充满着神秘与冒险  filled with mystery and adventure
希望与绝望  hope and despair.
有点私事 容我耽搁一会儿 逮到了！  Excuse me while I take a personal moment. Gotcha!
顺便一提 这个可不是我说的那个家伙 这是它妈  By the way, this isn't the guy I was talking about. it's his mother.
它是一头厚鼻龙  She is a Pachyrhinosaurus.
厚鼻龙  意为有厚鼻的蜥蜴，是7500万年前，  白垩纪晚期鸟臀目刺角龙亚目的食草动物  鼻孔和眼睛的上方有厚厚的骨垫.是角龙的一种，全长6米  厚鼻龙 意为有厚鼻的蜥蜴 食草动物  Pachyrhinosaurus, meaning thick  nosed lizard, herbivore.
注意了 因为它儿子派奇的冒险活动  But pay attention, because the adventures of her son,Patchi
会成为传奇故事  are the stuff of legend.
但这故事与眼前这一切无关  Which has nothing to do with that stuff right there.
让我吃点 嘿 那可不公平  Let me at it. Hey, that's not fair!
就是它 派奇  There he is! That's Patchi.
额 呕吐物  Mm  mm, barf.
这个最弱小的幼崽  The runt of the litter, the guy
是所有兄弟姐妹中最弱的一个  at the bottom of the pecking order.
嘿 派奇    我现在没法说话 亚历克斯  Hey, Patchi!   Can't talk now, Alex!
我正依靠生存本能弄吃的  Trying to work on my survival instincts!！
请让让 老大出现了  Excuse me, Alpha male coming through.
你说什么?  我就想吃一点  Pardon, I'm just gonna have a bite.
边上去  派奇  Back off, Patchi.
那我的那一份呢  What about my fair share?
你的那一份味道挺好的  Your fair share was delicious.
它是我的大哥斯高尔  它平时很棒  That's my big brother, Scowler. He's usually really cool.
但是在呕吐物边上时会变个人  He just gets weird around puke.
嗯 它现在就有点奇怪  Mm, there's some of it now.
有时候你该想想窝外面的世界  Sometimes you gotta think outside the nest.
所以我现在要到窝的外面去了  So now I just gotta get out of the nest.
伤齿龙  意为具伤害性的牙齿，白垩纪晚期的杂食性动物  又称啮齿龙，锯齿龙；旧称细爪龙。  其大脑是恐龙中最大的，而且它的感觉器官非常  发达，因而被认为是最聪明的恐龙  伤齿龙 意为具伤害性的牙齿  杂食动物  Troodon, meaning wounding tooth, omnivore.
亚历克斯也许会说我是个小家伙  Alex might say I'm a runt,
但所有人都是这么自小而大  but you gotta start somewhere.
从零到长成英雄 宝贝  From zero to hero, baby.
哇哦 等等 我才是那个讲故事的好么  Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on. I'm the one telling the story!
但是我更权威 毕竟这是我的故事 亚历克斯  I have more credibility here. It's my story, Alex.
你说的没错 但是我的观点更中立一点  Yeah, but I have a more neutral perspective.
等等 你确定你真的要吃这玩意?  Wait a minute. Are you really gonna eat that?
你懂的 妈妈做的 还热着呢  You know it. Mom's cooking, and still warm!
啊哦  快跑啊!     你要去哪?  Uh  oh! Run away!   Where you going?
好吧 我多点吃了  All right, more for me.
说真的 你后面有个大怪物啊!  Seriously, there's a big monster behind you!
是啊  你后面也有个呢  Sure, there's a big monster behind you too!
你的危险意识就这么低么！  So much for your survival instincts!
救命啊！  Help!
好吧 我立刻了解到  Okay,so I quickly learned that
并不是所有龙都是吃呕吐出来的树叶  not everybody eats puked  up leaves.
有些恐龙是吃肉的  There are things out here called meat  eaters.
确实 我的朋友 你不就整个一肉团么  Exactly, and you, my friend, are made up almost entirely of meat.
嘿 放我下来 我可不是咀嚼玩具！  Hey, put me down! I'am not a chew toy!
幸运的是 我爸出现了  Good thing my dad showed up.
这是尘土 派奇重6000磅的父亲  That's Bulldust, Patchi's 6, 000  pound papa.
没人敢招惹它  Nobody messes with him.
嘿 老爸 帮个忙吧  Hey, Dad, little help?
哦! 哇! 哇!  Oh! Whoa! Whoa!
多谢  Thank you!
医师  Medic!
它是个沉默寡言且传统的父亲  Classic Dad. He was a man of few words.
事实上  它只会说一个字  Actually, he was a man of one word.
就这个字了  That one.
咦  这是什么?  Huh? What is that?
朋友  你头上有个洞  That, my friend, is a hole in your head.
不过别担心 有一天这个洞会被荣耀所填补  But don't worry, one day that hole will be filled with greatness.
就是  再说你也几乎看到它  Right! Plus you can hardly see it.
尤其当你不看着它的时候  Especially if you don't look at it.
再说 小时候犯错太正常了  Besides mistakes are natural at a young age.
快看啊  Look at that!
从窝里跑出来真是太值了  Leaving the nest was totally worth it!
嘿  发生了什么?  Hey, what's going on up there?
这是什么玩意  What is this?
这是离开窝的代价  That is the price of leaving the nest.
你是谁啊? 你真是太漂亮了  Oh, who are you? You're pretty cool.
到我这来  你要去哪？  Come over here! Where you going?
嘿 别怕啊  Hey, don't be afraid.
我又不会吃你  I'm not gonna eat you or anything.
但它会  He will.
嘿 我叫派奇 能交个朋友么?  Hey, there. Name's Patchi. Wanna be friends?
等等  等我一下  Wait, wait! Wait up!
我平时不是这个味道的!  I don't always smell like this!
我只是刚刚被大便砸到了  I'm just covered in poop at the moment!
哦 我们是在玩捉迷藏吗? 是这样吗？  Aw, come on! Are we playing tag? Is that what this is?
好吧  我猜我是追的那个人了 对吧?  Okay, I guess I'm it then, right?
哇哦  Whoa.


甲龙 意为覆甲蜥蜴 生存于白垩纪晚期的食草动物  化石是在北美洲西部的地层被发现的，背后的硬甲  实质为硬化皮肤，具有较强防御能力。  其长约5～6.5米  宽约1.5米  高约1.7米 重约2吨  甲龙 意为覆甲蜥蜴 食草动物  Ankylosaur, meaning fused lizard, herbivore.


这玩意儿真大！  This thing is huge!
我觉得我应该避开它的屁股  Which means I should probably steer clear of his butt.
不错啊派奇 有进步  Good for you, Patchi. You're learning.
哇！这真是我见过的最美的地方  Wow! This is the most beautiful place I've ever seen.
这是未来的油田 别靠太近  It's a future oil field, so don't get too attached.
嘿 你们不要以大欺小  Hey! Pick on someone your own size!
额 如果你们愿意接受我的建议的话  Uh, you know, I mean, if that's a convenient option for you.
好了 它跑了 你们追不上它了  Oop, there he goes. You lost him.

西爪龙  意为西方的爪子，食肉动物。属于驰龙科，  是种小型肉食性恐龙。化石发现于加拿大亚伯达省  的恐龙公园组，年代为白垩纪晚期的坎潘阶，  约7,500万年前。身长小于1公尺，体重约1.9公斤  西爪龙 意为西方的爪子 食肉动物  Hesperonychus, meaning western claw, carnivore.



不对 我不是说来抓我啊  No, I didn't mean me!
你们理解错啦 我说的是我哥  Oh, you misunderstood! I meant my brother!
它比我大 而且肉更多  Yeah, he's bigger, he's meatier.
它跑的还比我慢!而且肉非常嫩  He's a lot slower! Oh, he's so tender    Oh!
嘿 老妈 我没事的 不过多谢你的出现  Hey, Ma. Oh, I had it,but thanks for showing up.
于是 在它妈的帮助下  And so, with a little help from Mom
派奇完成了它的第一次冒险得到了一点经验  Patchi returned from his first adventure a little bit wiser
和很大的屎味  and a whole lot smellier.
嘿 伙计们 你们不会相信我刚刚的经历  Hey. guys. you are not gonna believe what just happened to me.
天啦 你刚刚洗了个大便澡了么  Oh, my gosh! Did you just take a poop shower?!
没啊  No.
有可能  Maybe.
请解释一下大便澡  Define poop shower.
它们都很嫉妒你 派奇  They were all jealous, Patchi,
因为你已经去过外面的世界了  cause you'd been out in the world.
你正在以你自己的方式成长着  You were on your way to becoming a grownup.
有一天我坠入了爱河  One day I fell in love and
你带走了我的心  You took all of my heart
24小时的蓝天和阳光  Twenty four hours, blue sky, sun rays
曾经它是如此的灰暗  Where there used to be grey
我曾经是那样的灰暗  I Used to be grey
与昨日告别 哦哦  Say goodbye to yesterday. Oh, oh
今天对我来说多么的不同啊  What a difference today made I'
是的 爸爸 我懂了 撞倒这棵树  Right, Dad, got it! Knock down the tree
然后尽情享用树顶的嫩芽!嗯  and feast on the leafy greens up top! Mmm  mmm.
我也会了 爸爸 我只要在这摆好架势  Yeah, I also got it, Dad. I'm just gonna square up here and
然后撞倒它！  knock down the tree!
我已经摆好了姿势并且撞向它  I'll square up and knock down the tree.
哦 我马上就要弄倒它了  它好像比看上去难弄啊  Oh, I'm gonna just gonna grab    He's stronger than he looks.
尽情享用上面的树叶  Gonna feast on that leafy
好吧     额,爸爸?  Okay.   Uh, Dad?
这家伙是捡来的吧  Are we really from the same litter?
好吧 我不明白这些土有什么特别之处  Okay, what's so special about dust? I don't get it.
你在地上打个滚 然后发出些咕噜声  You roll around on your back and you make some grunting noises.
我是说 这怎么能算爱好？    怎么了？  I mean, how is that a hobby?   What?
天啊 不洗一次泥巴浴简直就是白活一场  Oh, man! You haven't lived until you've taken a dirt bath.
这是最棒的  It's the best.
这儿 伙计 让我也加入  Here, let me get in there, fellas.
这就对了 哦 小伙子  Yeah, oh, boy!
太好玩了   你快来试试  It's so fun.   You gotta try
喂喂喂 别弄脏我的毛！  Hey, hey, hey! Watch the plumage!
我如果这么对你 你爽不?     哎哟  How would you like it if I did this?   Ow!
喂 小心点我的鼻子    你才小心点！  Hey, watch the nose!   You watch it!
你小心点       不, 你小心点  You watch it!   No, you watch it!
阿法齿负鼠  又名叉齿兽或叉齿龙，意为第一颗牙，  生存于白垩纪晚期，与暴龙及三角龙属同一时代的  一属细小及原始的杂食性哺乳动物。身长30厘米，  极像现今的负鼠。化石在整个北美洲也有发现。  阿法齿负鼠 意为第一颗牙 杂食性动物  Alphadon, meaning first tooth, omnivore.
派奇 派奇托 拜托 等等我  Patch! Pachito,come on, wait for me!
真抱歉 我穿回你们儿时了 没问题吧 伙计?  I'm sorry I went all pre  historic on you back there, okay, buddy?
没关系 亚历克斯  It's okay, Alex.
发生什么事了？  What's going on?
梅杰正在争夺你老爸的领导人地位  Major is challenging your father for the role of leader!
这个传统由来已久了  It's a time honored tradition.
欧耶 梅杰完蛋了 老爸会痛扁它一顿  Oh, yeah, and Major's toast! Dad's gonna crush him!
加油 老爸 让它看看谁才是老大！  Come on, Dad! Show him who's boss!
让它知道你的厉害  Introduce your horn to his head!
耶 胜利了   啊 住手  Yeah, smack.   Ah! Quit it!
喂 老爸  Hey. Dad!
哇 老爸 刚才简直太棒了  Wow, Dad, that was awesome!
你差点一脚把它踢回石器时代  You kicked his butt all the way up to the stone age.
回来  Get back here!
我现在也许没哥哥强壮  I may have been smaller than my brother.
但你只会用逃跑的方式来弥补差距  But you made up for it by running away.
不不不 我没有逃  No, no, no. I wasn't running away.
我在跟它赛跑 并且获胜了  I was racing him and winning.
准备好了吗?    是的  Are you ready?!   Yeah.
你确定?       我非常肯定  Are you sure?    I'm pretty sure.
你准备好了吗?    那就来吧！  Are you ready?!   Hit me!
好嘞  All right!
我没准备好       是的  I wasn't ready.     Yeah.
我现在准备好了     少废话  I'm ready now.     Be quiet.
回来 你们两个胆小鬼  Come back,you coward, both of you!
我们很好  We're good.
我想再多来几下      你想多来几下?  I want some more.   You want some more!
每个人要的都会越来越多  Everybody wants more and more?
你们几个看到没  它完全在吹牛  Did you guys see that? Totally rang his bell.
年幼的厚鼻恐龙们  And so the young Pachyrhinosaur
在嬉戏中挥霍着它们的青春  frolicked and fritted away his youth.
为什么? 我不知道 孩子们喜欢嬉戏玩耍  Why? I don't know. The kid likes to frolic.
所有这一切很快就会发生变化  But all that was about to change.
而这都是从我遇见朱尼珀那天开始  And it all started the day I met Juniper.
噢    宝贝  Oh,   baby
放弃吧  Give it up
我是不是很没用  Ain't no use I
嗨 我是派奇 我是活的  Hi, I'm Patchi. I'm made of meat.
这不是我想说的  That's not what I meant to say.
我是想说 我是派奇  I meant to say, "I'm Patchi."
哇 你头上那是个洞吗?  Whoa, is that a hole in your head?
呃 不 我的意思是从技术上来讲是的  Uh, no. I mean yeah, technically
我喜欢它  I like it.
哇 年轻人的恋爱太美妙  Ah, young love, so beautiful,
太珍贵了. 抓住你了!  so precious. Gotcha!
真的吗 我之前从来没见过这样的  Really, I've never seen anything like that before.
真的吗?      这是我妈妈  Really?    There's my mom.
不好意思 我得走了  I'm sorry, I have to go.
呃 我们才刚认识  Ah, but we just met!
我不应该同外族人讲话  I'm not supposed to talk to guys outside my herd.
愚蠢的规定  Stupid rules.
很抱歉,再见  I'm sorry. Goodbye.
等等 别走 再呆一分钟好吗  Wait, wait, don't go! Just stay for one minute!
啊 不  Ah, no!
以后再来找我 好吗?  Sniff me out later, okay?
哦  Oh.
耶 它喜欢我  Yeah! She likes me!
它喜欢我头上的洞  And she likes my hole.
随后的几天里 派奇又回到瀑布那里  Over the next few days, Patchi returned to the waterfall
它已经被突如其来的爱情冲昏头脑  for he had been bitten by the love bug, the tastiest bug of all.
但是这位女士却没有出现  But the lady proved to be elusive.
没有被拒绝  Not to be denied,the young lover
派奇还是继续追逐着它的激情  pursued his passion nonetheless
再一次回到那个曾经让它感觉无比荣耀的地方  once more returning to the sight of his glorious vision.
它一次又一次的回到这里  And he just kept coming back
如果你想知道我的想法 我认为它快抓狂了  really to the point of overkill, if you want my opinion.
啊 天啊 它在哪呢  Ah, man. Where is she?
哦 我没告诉你吗? 它去南方了  Oh, didn't I tell you? She moved South.
南方 什么时候  South? When?
四五天前  Four or five days ago.
你知道多久了  How long have you known this?
大概四五天的时间 抓住你了!  About four or five days. Gotcha!
朱尼珀和它的家人  But Juniper and her family
正向南方进行一场大迁徙  were headed South as part of the great migration
因为夏天即将结束 食物将会供给不足  for the summer was coming to an end and food was in short supply.
尤其是对我来说  Especially the bug supply,
非常非常重要的昆虫会不够吃了  which is very, very important to me.
最重要的是 派奇想要去找朱尼珀  More than anything, Patchi wanted to follow Juniper
它开始变得急躁起来  and his impatience was beginning to show.
鸟儿们都去了南方  The birds are going South.
那些绿色的植物也移向了南方  Those green things are going South.
我们什么时候去南方呢  When do we get to go South?
当你爸爸说可以的时候  It'll be time to go when your father says it's time.
是时候了  It's time.
让它们快点走 派奇  Move 'em out, Patchi.
你没必要跟我说两次  You don't have to tell me twice.
让它们快点走 派奇  Move 'em out, Patchi.
好的 我们出发了 我们的第一次迁徙  Right, here we go. My first migration.
吃点灰吧 派奇  Eat my dust, Patchi.
这不是比赛  It's not a race.
快点 伙计们 别害羞  Come on, guys, don't be shy.
我们去的是同一个地方  We're all going to the same place.
嗨 亚历克斯 并不是所有的鸟都会南迁吧?  Hey, Alex,don't most birds fly South?
这叫互利共生 伙计  It's called symbiosis, buddy.
你是我的交通工具 而我帮你除去害虫  I get transportation and you get pest control.
抓住了  Gotcha!
说真的 你就是个带腿的移动小餐馆  Seriously,you're a buffet on four legs.
兽群缓慢地向南行进 穿过阿拉斯加内陆地区  And the herd lumbered South across the Alaskan hinterland
哇 什么叫缓慢行进?  Whoa,what do you mean, lumbered?
你不是真的在闲逛  Well, you weren't exactly gallivanting.
当然 我们是厚鼻恐龙 我们不闲逛  Yeah, we're Pachyrhinosaurs. We don't gallivant.
不 你当然没有 但我得警告你  No, you do not, but I have to warn you,
每个精彩的故事都有带有惊险的情节  every good story has a scary part
它快要来了 所以准备好  and that's coming up, so get ready.
哦 我准备好了 我经历过这些  Oh, I'm ready.I lived through it.
那是下午晚些时候 东边的乌云越来越密  It was late afternoon and the clouds were gathering in the east.
好吧 好吧 让我来说吧 我有这种天赋  Okay, okay, let me tell it.I have the flair.
乌云在东边聚集  The clouds gathered in the east.
很快 随着风向的变化  Soon, a portent of approaching danger
一只漂亮的有着翅膀的生物  floated in upon the changing winds
带来了危险的征兆  a harbinger in the form of a glorious winged creature.
危险 危险 大家小心 小心!  Danger, danger, everyone! Warning, warning!
老爸 你听到了吗?  危险  Did you hear that, Dad? Danger.
它当然听到了  Of course he heard.
我说什么了 嗯?  What'd I say, huh?
我父亲命令兽群进入森林  My father ordered the herd into the forest
寻找躲避暴风雨的地方  to find shelter from the storm.
天气变得更糟糕  The weather worsened,
而派奇的年轻生命即将发生改变  and my friend Patchi's young life was about to change in a flash.
我很害怕  I'm scared.
我不怕 你是唯一害怕的人  I'm not scared. You're the only one who's scared.
好吧 你和那个家伙都是懦夫  Well, you and maybe that guy. Wusses.
干旱的夏季已经把森林变成了一个易燃物  The dry summer months had turned the forest into a tinderbox
随时可能爆发一场大火  ready to explode into flames.
我知道你们人类喜欢说是人类发现了火  I know you humans like to think you discovered fire
但请相信我  but trust me, it's been around
从恐龙时代开始就已经有火了  since the time of the dinosaurs.
派奇的父亲预感到大事不妙  Patchi's father smelled trouble.
很快 它召集了大家  Quickly, he called to the others.
我们没有时间可以浪费了  This was no time to dilly  dally.
爸爸 怎么了  Dad, what's going on?
这是什么 亚历克斯?    这是火  What is it, Alex?   It's fire!
火是什么?  它会吃了我们吗?  What's fire? Does it eat meat?!
它可以吞噬一切 快跑!  It eats everything. Run!
快 快点移动你的小胖腿  Go on! Move your meaty little legs!
尘土和它的一家人伴随着滚滚浓烟  Bulldust and his family
匆匆忙忙向开阔地跑去  hurried toward open ground.
但是还有一个麻烦  But there was just one problem:
捕食者  predators.
一只恐龙的不幸可以让另一只恐龙饱餐一顿  For one dinosaur's misfortune is another dinosaur's feast.
嗨 你们好 敌人还是朋友?  Hi there! Friend or foe?
敌人 敌人 绝对是敌人  Foe, foe, definitely foe!
等等 伙计们  Wait up, guys!
斯高尔 我不喜欢迁徙 我想回家!  Scowler, I don't like migration! I wanna go home!
派奇 试着变得跟爸爸一样勇敢  Patchi, try and be brave like Dad.
我们现在该怎么办呢? 我们该怎么办?  What do we do now? What do we do?!
不要担心 爸爸永远不会抛弃我  Don't worry,Dad would never abandon me.
你意思是说我们 对吗?  You mean us, right?
当然 我们  Right, us.
爸爸 救命  Help, Dad!
爸爸 我们在这  Dad, over here!
爸爸 这是个好主意  That was a good idea, Dad.
我也打算撞断那棵树  I was gonna do the same thing, bust through that tree.
嗨 妈妈去哪了?  Hey, where's Mom?
跟其它人分开后  Separated from the others
派奇的妈妈没有意识到它正走向一个陷阱  Patchi's mom didn't realize that she was heading into a trap.
它竭尽全力地保护它的孩子  She did what she could to protect her little ones,
但是危险已然到来  but the danger only mounted.
它寡不敌众 只能向尘土求救  Severely outnumbered, she called for Bulldust to come and help.
我们应该跟它一起走的  We should go with him.
派奇 爸爸说在这等着  Patchi, Dad said to wait here!
我不管 爸爸  I don't care. Dad!
让我来 我声大 爸爸!  Let me do it.I'm louder. Dad!
等下 斯高尔 我想我看见它了  Wait a minute,Scowler, I think I see him!
爸爸  Dad!
它回来了  He's coming back!
那绝对不是它  That's definitely not him.
哦 天啊! 天啊!  快跑 快跑!  Oh, boy, oh, boy, run, run, run!
我们应该分开跑 那样它就只能吃掉我们其中一个  We should split up.He'll only eat one of us.
跑得慢的那个 对吗?  The slower one, right?
我又想了下 我们最好待在一起  On second thought,we better stick together!
过来躲在那些木头下面  Over here,under those logs!
我想我们甩掉它了 这些烟能掩盖住我们的气味  I think we lost him. The smoke is disguising our scent.
真的吗? 你真的这么认为?  Really? You think?
它的舌头碰到我了 我差点就被它吃了  His tongue touched me! I was literally on the tip of his tongue!
爸爸  Dad!
我知道它会回来救我的  I knew he'd come back for me!
救我们 你说了 是我们  For us! You mean, us!
是的 我们  Right, I said us.
爸爸 搞定它 踢它的屁股  Get him, Dad! Stomp his butt!
耶 搞定它 爸爸  Yeah, get him, Dad!
你认为它会赢吗?  Do you think he'll win?
你说什么呢?  What are you talking about?!
爸爸永远都会赢  Dad always wins.
永远 对吗? 我也认为它一定会赢  Always. Right? I mean, he's got to.
但是这一次 尘土 厚鼻恐龙  But this time, Bulldust, the great Pachyrhinosaur
部落里最受人尊敬和畏惧的领袖  the most feared and respected of his tribe
遭遇了它最大的挑战  had met his match.
那一天 在孩子的注视下  On that day,noble blood was spilled
它流下了贵族的血液  while noble blood looked on.
会没事的  It's gonna be okay.
没事的 会好起来的  It's gonna be okay,it's gonna be okay.
外面有人吗?  Anyone out there?
有人能听到我们吗  Can anyone hear us?
喂  Hello?
妈妈?  Mom?
爸爸?  Dad?
斯高尔 你看到什么了吗?  Scowler, you see anything?
你好 外面有人吗?  Hello, anyone out there?
有人吗?  妈妈  Hello? Mom!
派奇.   爸爸  Patchi.   Dad!
派奇 快来 我们必须马上出发  Patchi, come on, we've gotta keep moving.
但是要是它们回来怎么办?  But what if they come back?
我不知道 它们会找到我们的  I don't know. They'll find us.
我们会碰到兽群的 是吧?  Gotta get to the herd, okay?
是的 但是斯高尔  Yeah, but Scowler,
我的意思是就算我们再等一会也不会怎样对吧  I'm just saying, what's the harm in waiting a little?
我敢肯定它们为了我们也会这样做的.  I'm sure they'd do the same for us.
它们不会回来了 明白吗?  They're not coming back, okay?
有人吗? 妈妈.  Hello, Mom?
我不会放弃的 爸爸 爸爸  I'm not giving up. Dad! Dad?!
奥 可怜的孩子 我希望我能帮上忙  Aw, poor kid. I wish I could help.
嗨 有人过来了  Hey, somebody's coming!
爸爸?  Dad?
是梅杰  梅杰  It's Major! Major!
梅杰 是我们.  Major, it's us!
梅杰  Major!
哦 梅杰 看到你太高兴了  Oh, Major,I'm so happy to see you!
太疯狂了 到处都是火苗  It was crazy! There was this fire,
那些讨厌的戈尔冈龙不知从哪里冒出来  then these mean psycho Gorges came out of nowhere.
但是爸爸赶走了它们 现在它也不知去哪了  But Dad fought them off and now he's gone
好的    天哪  Oh, okay.   Jeez.
说的不错  Good talk.
哎 它看上去非常忙  Huh. He seemed kind of busy.
我猜它现在是兽群的头  I guess he's leader of the herd now.
快点 跟着我  Come on, follow me!
额 如果它是兽群的头 我为什么要跟着你?  Um, if he's the leader of the herd, why am I following you?
因为我仍然是你的头 赶快!  'Cause I'm still the leader of you! Come on!
好吧 我来了  All right. I'm coming.
我们要走在一起 现在只有你和我了 知道吗?  We've got to stick together. It's just you and me now, all right?
集中注意力 留意背后  Pay attention,and watch your back.
好的 我知道了 奥!  Yeah, I got it. Ooh!
对不起 小姐们  Sorry, ladies.
这个小坏蛋 是它!  Sweet pond scum, it's her!
它看上去太漂亮了  She looks amazing.
嗨 嗨 看这边 朱尼珀  Hey! Hey. Over here! Juniper!
是我 头上有洞的男孩  It's me! Uh, the guy with the hole in his head?
嗨 派奇 你和我们一起迁徙吗?  Hey, Patchi, you migrating with us now?
我到处找你  I've been looking all over for you.
我回瀑布那里找了你好几次  I went back to the waterfall so many times.
但是好奇怪 你就像是消失了一样  But it was weird, it was like you just disappear
啊 拜托  Aw, come on!
哦 我知道了 欲擒故纵 这招不错  Oh, I see, playing hard to get. Nice.
我感觉得到  I feel ya.
嗨 朱尼珀 等等 等下我  Hey, Juniper, wait up! Wait for me!
你在做什么? 和谁在说话?  What're you doing? Who you talking to?
额 一个朋友  Um, a friend.
朋友? 你什么时候有朋友的?  A friend? Since when do you have friends?
我有许多朋友  I have tons of friends.
等等 不是吧! 是女孩 对不对?  Wait. Hold on! It's a girl, isn't it?!
什么?  What?
派奇交了一个女朋友  Patchi's got a girlfriend.
它不是我女朋友  She's not my girlfriend.
你肯定有点迷上它了  You might be crushing a little.
亚历克斯 你支持谁?  Whose side are you on, Alex?
肯定支持我  My side.
承认吧 你太迷恋它了  Admit it.You're crushing hard.
不 我没有  Nope. Am not.
放弃吧 你配不上它的!  Give up!She's out of your league!
但是斯高尔的质问并不是派奇唯一的麻烦  But Scowler's heckling was not Patchi's only problem
当刮北风的时候  for the north wind had started to blow
派奇带洞的脑袋就会产生共鸣  revealing a musical side effect to Patchi's perforated head.
什么声音?  What is that noise?
等等 是我发出来的吗?  Wait, is that me?
我的脑袋能吹口哨?  Is my head whistling?
也许没人注意  Maybe nobody will notice.
哦 那是什么?  Whoa, what was that?
呀 请关掉它  Ave, ya  ya, please turn that off.
你还好吧?  Are you okay?
恩 只是洞眼在吹口哨 没什么大事  Yeah, just whistling out of my hole.No biggie.
你会搞砸的 明白么？ 搞砸  Told you you'd blow it.Get it? Blow it.
派奇 这个声音真的来自你的脑袋吗?  Patchi, is that sound really coming out of your head?
恩 是的  Uh, yeah it is.
哇 太酷了  Well, I think it's cool.
你在开玩笑 对吧?  You're kidding, right?
不 我没开玩笑  No, I'm not.
我希望我也能吹口哨  Hey, I wish my frill could whistle.
我希望我的尾巴能发出声音 这样我们可以组成二重奏  Yeah, I wish my tail rattled. We could do a duet.
奥 斯高尔!  Ow, Scowler!
走开 斯高尔!它是我朋友  Butt out, Scowler! She's my friend.
它妈妈同意了吗?  Shouldn't you ask her mom for permission?
我不需要得到它妈妈的同意  I don't need to get permission from her mom!
派奇  Patchi
除非它正站在我后面  Unless, of course, she is standing right behind me.
它真的在我后面 太令人惊讶了!  Which she is! What a nice surprise!
你好 朱尼珀的妈妈  好吧  Hello, Mrs. Juniper's mom. Okay.
再见,派奇      再见啦  Bye, Patchi.    Bye  bye, then.
很高兴见到你  Good to see you.
「很高兴见到你」? 真的吗?  "Good to see you"? Seriously?
有史以来最糟的迁徙  Worst migration, ever.
很快  冬天的雨水  The winter rains soon descended
给整个山谷和这里的动物蒙上了阴影  casting a pall over the valley and all who dwelled within.
连续不断的倾盆大雨浸透了大地  The continuous downpour soaked the ground and dampened spirits
使得兽群心情压抑  leaving many in a very grumpy mood.
我们不停的前进  We traveled days on end.
不久  几天过去了 几周过去了  Soon, days turned into weeks, weeks turned into weekends
又几周过去了  weekends turned into long weekends.
我想你能明白这个场景  Well, you get the picture.
我们终于快到了  By and by, there we were.
前往冬季栖息地的漫漫长途  Just a few short miles from the last mountain pass
只剩抵达最后一个山口前的几英里路了  on the way to the winter grounds.
许多动物的迁徙  Many creatures had made the arduous journey
并不只是在陆地上  not only by land, but on the wing
而是翱翔于美景上空  soaring high above the pastoral terrain.
翼龙 意为带翼的蜥蜴 食肉动物  Pterosaur, meaning winged lizard, carnivore.
当那些颗粒的地上生物在艰难前进时  While the poor earthbound creatures plodded along
我们被赋予了运用空气动力的技能  those of us blessed with certain aerodynamic qualities
可以一下子前进几百英里  could cover hundreds of miles in a single
嗨 留神些！我有权利在这飞  Hey, watch it! I have the right of way here!
你不能这样子  You won't get away with this!
你最好看好你的背后  You better watch your backs!
我记住你们这些讨厌的家伙了  I know some very unsavory people.
空中败类!  Sky hogs!
就在我说话时 我们到了最后一座山口  As I was saying, there it was, the final mountain pass.
也叫寡妇制造者 死亡之谷 伏击山谷  Also known as the Widow  maker, Dead Man's Canyon, Ambush Alley.
它有很多名字  It had a lot of names.
科学思维的有趣附属品  Interesting sidebar for the scientifically  minded.
你知道翼龙没有天敌吗?  Did you know that the Pterosaur has no natural predators?
你确定?  Are you sure about that?
当然 这可不是我编的  Yes, of course. I don't make this stuff up.
翼龙是一种神奇的生物  Fascinating creatures,you know,
它们轻到可以飞行  light enough to stay airborne
但却非常强壮 可以无需休息地进行长距离飞行  yet powerful enough to travel great distances without rest.
真的? 它们没有天敌?  Really? And no natural predators?
是的 一个也没有  Nope. Not even one.
翼龙的生活无灾无祸  The Pterosaur lives a charmed life.
啊哦  Uh  oh.
亚历克斯 我想你给它带来了厄运  I think you might have just jinxed that guy, Alex.
对不起 那是我的错  兄弟 面对现实吧!  Sorry, boss, that's on me! Keep it real, buddy!
我刚是不是忘了说  Did I forget to mention that the Pterosaur
翼龙确实有一个天敌  did have one natural predator
那就是戈尔冈龙  the Gorgosaurus.

戈尔冈龙 意为凶残的蜥蜴 又名魔鬼龙或戈尔冈龙，  是兽脚亚目暴龙科的一属食肉恐龙 生存于上白垩纪  的北美洲西部 约7700万至7400万年前。化石已在加  拿大亚伯达省发现。身长约9米，体重2吨。  戈尔冈龙 意为凶残的蜥蜴 食肉动物  Gorgosaurus, meaning fierce lizard, carnivore.



做得好 但是我认为有必要多了解下这家伙  Nicely done. But I think a little more is needed with this guy.
请让我详尽介绍一下戈尔冈龙  Allow me to elaborate.
戈尔冈龙重约2.5吨  Weighing in at nearly two and a half tons
粗略估计  the Gorgosaur measured roughly
从脑袋到尾巴末梢长约26英尺  26 feet from the tip of his tail to the top of his noggin,
你喜欢牙齿 它们确实有牙齿  and if you like teeth, he's got teeth.
60颗非常尖利的牙齿  60 of them, and razor sharp.
是一口咬穿肉弄碎骨头的利器  Perfect for tearing through flesh and splintering bones.
有力的双腿让它能快速奔跑  His powerful legs propel him to blazing speeds of up to
没人知道确切的速度 但是肯定比你快  well, no one really knows, but he certainly was faster than you.
它具有非常敏锐的嗅觉  He was equipped with an uncanny sense of smell,
犀利的眼睛  razor sharp vision
以及两只纤细的手臂 它  and two tiny little arms. He
不好意思 说真的 它的手怎么了?  I'm sorry. Seriously, I mean, what's up with that? I mean
好吧 对不起 请等一下 我得冷静一下 好了  Okay, sorry, wait.  I have to compose myself. Okay.
戈尔冈龙有一个巨大的脑  The Gorgosaurus had a large brai
对不起 看着这两只像婴儿一样  I'm sorry, I can't take him seriously
细小的手臂 我严肃不起来  with those tiny little baby hands.
看看 多么可爱   好吧 对不起 对不起  Look at him, he's so cute. Okay, I'm sorry, sorry.
不过别小瞧它 忽略它那滑稽的小手臂  But make no mistake, despite his comically miniature arms
它非常能吃  he was a very good eater
一顿可以吃下几百磅的肉  able to consume hundreds of pounds of meat in a single feeding.
听着 你绝不会愿意看到它恶劣的一面  I'll tell you what, you did not want to get on a Gorgosaur's bad side.
也绝不会想闯入它的视线范围  Oh, no, or on his insides,
这种情况很可能发生  which was a distinct possibility.
特别是当你属于食草型的傻大个时  Especially if you were a big galumphing double  wide herbivore.
今天戈尔冈龙的特色菜单是  And featured on the menu on this particular day
厚鼻龙肉 并配有山艾  was Pachyrhinosaur Carpaccio with a garnish of sagebrush
和少许野生芦笋  and just a soupcon of wild asparagus.
嗨 派奇托  你今天想做些运动吗?  Hey, Pachito! You feel like maybe getting some exercise today?
什么      我只是有一种奇怪的感觉  What?   Just got a strange feeling, that's all.
也许你想做一些伸展运动  You might wanna do a little stretching,
拉伸一下筋骨 舒服又放松  get those hamstrings nice and loose.
以防你决定做一些有氧运动  Just in case you decide to do some cardio.
一天走了12小时的路 为什么还要做运动?  Why would I be exercising when I walk 12 hours a day?
因为你要活得更久 快逃！  Because you might live longer! Run away!
逃? 为什么要逃? 我该去哪？快告诉我！  Run away?! Away from what?! Where do I go?! It'd be helpful to know!
待在兽群中间 小家伙 和大家待在一起安全  Keep to the center of the herd, little bro! Safety in numbers!
为什么这样安全? 我差点被踩到了  What's safe about this?! I almost got stepped on!
看到了吗?  See?!
戈尔冈龙的攻击方案像军事方案一样精确  The Gorgosaurs enacted their plan with military precision.
现在平原上的这些坏人在实施它们的计划  Now these bad boys of the plains had it down.
它们不停地追赶骚扰猎物  They chased and harried their prey,
让兽群惊慌和混乱  causing panic and introducing mayhem in their ranks.
如果它们追赶你 你也会害怕的 好不好?  You'd freak out too if they were chasing you, okay?
我并不是在批评你们的做法  I'm not judging.
朱尼珀 这边！  Juniper, this way!
妈妈 你在哪? 我和派奇一起走  Mom, where are you?! I'm going with Patchi!
斯高尔 我们在干嘛 发生什么了?  Scowler, what are we doing?! What's happening?!
别担心 只要和兽群在一起 我们就会安全  Don't worry, as long as we keep up with the herd, we'll be okay!
此时 阴险的戈尔冈龙  And here, the nasty Gorgosaurs separated
将幼龙和弱兽与兽群分开  the young and the weak from the herd.
然后各个击破  这个战术是戈尔冈龙发明的  Divide and conquer. Gorgon practically invented it.
派奇 我们该怎么办?  Patchi, what do we do?!
想开心的事情！  Think happy thoughts!
无论发生什么 我们都要保持冷静  Whatever happens, we have to remain calm!
记住 它们能察觉到恐惧  Remember, they can smell fear!
对不起 那不是恐惧  Sorry, that's not fear.
朱尼珀 你还好吗？  Juniper, you okay?!
我想我有些害怕  I think I just stepped in some fear!
它们把我们逼入了绝境！  They have us cornered!
停战 停战！ 时间到了 时间到了！  Truce, truce! Time out, time out!
大伙儿 我有个主意  Okay, everybody, I got an idea.
退后 假装什么事都没有发生  Just back up and play it very cool.
就像我们一点也不关心一样  Like, we don't even care, look at that
看那边的潺潺的溪水  我们试试  nice stream over there, let's look at
快来救救我  Somebody help me!
朱尼珀  噢  不  Juniper! Oh, no!
向岸边游啊  Swim towards the shore!
我正在努力啊  但我不会游泳  I'm trying. I can't swim!
朱尼珀需要我的帮助  Juniper needed my help.
它的妈妈在岸边  With her mom stuck on the shore,
我突然意识到我可以做些什么  I suddenly realized what I had to do.
我必须跳进水中去救它  I had to dive in to save her.
你跳进去?  You dove in?
是的  That's right.
那是跳水?     当然  That was a dive?   Yeah, actually.
这就是    你确定刚才那是跳水?  It was.   That was a dive, right there?
是的  那是跳水  Yeah, it was a dive.
也许我们应该再看一次  Maybe we should look at that again.
是的 那是一次漂亮的跳水  Yeah, there you are with a beautiful dive.
我想让你知道那是一个反向屈体炮弹式跳水  I'll have you know that was a reverse pike cannonball.
难度系数我给你打个1.5分  I'll give you a 1.5 for degree of difficulty
想象力我给你10分  and a perfect 10 for imagination.
救命啊  我不会游泳  Help, I can't swim!
坚持住 派奇 无论如何别沉下去  Hang in there, Patchi! Whatever you do, try not to drown!
我无助地看着我的朋友被水流带向坟墓  I watched my friend helplessly as he was swept away into a watery grave.
「坟墓」？  "Grave"?
我还活着  I'm still alive.
拜托 这是个比喻而已  Come on, it's a figure of speech.
谁来救救我  Help, somebody!
救命啊  Help!
哦 上帝保佑  Oh, thank goodness.
已经非常近了  Oh, that was a close one.
派奇 这边！  Patchi! Over here!
坚持住  朱尼珀！我来救你！  Hang on, Juniper! I'm coming to save you!
好的  Yeah!
天啊！好近  Oh, man! That was close.
我已经精疲力尽了  I'm exhausted!
咳  Whoa!
天啊！  Oh, my gosh!
太吓人了！天啊 有人可以救救我吗？  Whoa, that was scary! Oh, my gosh, guys, can you help me?
不！哇哦！  No! Whoa!
真是太谢谢你了 斯高尔！做得真好！  Thanks a lot, Scowler! Nice work!
派奇和其他人被  Patchi and the others were carried off
湍急而危险的水流带走了  by the swift and treacherous current.
派奇！你在哪呢？  Patchi! Where are you?!
派奇！  Patchi!
我好像飞了好几天  I flew for what like days
我确实夸张了点 那就十分钟吧  but I do tend to exaggerate, so, let's call it 10 minutes.
然后  当我找到我的好朋友派奇时  Then, as I searched for my dear friend Patchi
我看到了可怕而又肿胀的它  I was confronted by the specter of his bloated corpse
像块烂肉似的被抛在岸边  cast upon the sand like a lump of rotting flesh.
那只是假象···     插中!  A mere shadow of a    Gotcha!
嘿！出什么事了?  Hey! What gives?
看到没？我就知道你在骗人  See? I knew you were faking.
这不代表你能戳我眼睛  That doesn't mean you can poke my eye out!
那只是你的说法  好么？  Agree to disagree, okay?
真恶心!  Oh, gross!
嗯 不过味道很好  Mmm. But tasty.
冲呀!  Charge!
嘿 斯高尔去哪?  Hey, where's Scowler going?
伙计们跟上 这是出去的路  Come on, guys. Here's the way out!
等等 等一下！  Oh, wait. Hang on!
好呀! 大海 看我踹烂你的咸屁股  Yeah, ocean. I'll kick your salty butt.
那是我哥哥  Yup, that's my brother.
哎呀  Ouch.
加油  朱尼珀 慢慢来 哎呀  Come on, Juniper. Easy does it. Ouch.
朱尼珀  你还好吧？  Juniper! Are you okay?!
不许啄它的眼睛  Do not peck her eye out.
好的 别紧张！  Okay, relax!
你还好吗？ 你的腿怎么了？  Are you all right? What's wrong with your leg?
噢 只是一点擦伤  Oh, it's just a scratch.
我主要是太饿了 我从昨天开始就没吃过东西  Mostly I'm starving. I haven't eaten since yesterday.
是的 我也是  Yeah, me neither.
哇哦！是你的肚子在叫吗？  Whoa! Was that your stomach?
额 当然不是  Uh, definitely not.
看啊  Look!
那是什么  What is that?!
啪 那是什么啊?  Smack. What's that?
可能是埃德蒙顿龙  Ah, yes, the mighty Edmontosaur
又长又高的庞然大物  enormous in length, gargantuan in height
但它的大脑很小  and his brain? Not so much.
你的大脑有多少容量  How big is your brain?
这可不是比赛  It's not a competition.

埃德蒙顿龙  意为埃德蒙的蜥蜴，又译艾德蒙托龙  爱德蒙脱龙，是鸭嘴龙科下的一属食草恐龙，生活  于上白垩纪的麦斯特里希特阶，距今约七千一百万  到六百五十万年前。长约13米，重约3吨。  埃德蒙顿龙  意为埃德蒙的蜥蜴  食草动物  Edmontosaurus, meaning lizard of Edmonton, herbivore.



哇塞  Whoa.
当心    小心  派奇！  Heads up!   Look out, Patchi!
它们看起来很饿  如果它们想吃我们怎么办  They look hungry. What if they want to eat us?
它们不吃肉  它们喜食大型树木  They don't eat meat, they eat very large trees.
还好 我不是一棵树  I'm glad I'm not a tree.
派奇  快来  Patchi. Come on!
这一次  幸运之神眷顾了我们的英雄  For once, luck had smiled on our heroes
因为这些大型动物的  for within those enormous animals'
小脑袋里只想着一件事：  minuscule brains was but one thought:
食物  food.
它们不想喝的吗?  What about a beverage?
好吧 两件事  如果还想加一道配菜那就三件事  Okay, two thoughts, well, three, if you want a side dish
但是回到我们刚才的话题  but back to my original point.
这是很幸运的发现  It was a most fortuitous development,
—在古代—  for as the ancient
如果你想知道去哪找食物  跟着这些胖家伙就行  if you want to know where the food is, follow the fat guys.
你知道我在想什么吗  You know what I was thinking?
这些家伙很可能在寻找食物的路上  These guys are probably on their way to some feeding ground.
也许我们应该跟着它们  Maybe we should follow them.
我就是这个意思  I just said that!
好主意  派奇  Good idea, Patchi.
谢谢  Thanks.
当然 派奇 功劳都是你的？？？  Oh, sure, Patchi, take all the credit.
嗨  介意我们加入你们吗  Hey! Mind if we join you?
我们不会影响到你们  You won't even know we're here.
实际上  我认为你们不知道我们在这  不是吗  In fact, I don't think you do know we're here. Do you?
不知道吧？  No?
派奇  快看  Patchi, check it out!
往左边  往右边  你最好比兽群更机灵  噢  You go left, you go right, you gotta be smarter than the herd    Ow!
要嘛行动要嘛认输  猪油屁股    噢 斯高尔  Move it or lose it, lard butt.   Ow. Scowler!
等着输吧  Eat my dust.
再说一次  这不是比赛  Again, not a race!
加油 琼  我们最好继续前进  Come on, June. We gotta keep going.
朱尼珀不会放弃的  Hey. Juniper doesn't quit.
即使只有三条半腿  我也能走路  I'm going as fast as three and a half legs can take me.
腿怎么样了  朱尼珀  需要我背你吗  How's the leg, Juniper? You need me to carry you?
不用了  让我在这儿歇会儿就行  Nah, you know what? I'm just gonna park it here for a bit.
真爽  Oh, yeah.
哦 躺下歇会儿  行 也可以  Oh, uh, having a lie  down, yeah. Sure.
斯高尔  等会  斯高尔  Scowler! Wait up, Scowler!
好吧 我猜我们会追上你的  All right, so I guess we'll catch up with you
或者  比你晚一点  or something, later?
伙计们?  Guys?
感谢你们的等待  Thanks for waiting!
给我们留点绿叶哈  Save us some leafy greens!
派奇  你应该继续走  我会跟上的  Patchi, you should go on ahead, I'll catch up.
你疯了吗  我哪也不去  What are you, crazy? I'm not going anywhere.
我要一直陪着你  直到你感觉好些了  I'm gonna stay with you until you feel better.
派奇  Patchi!
那些落伍的家伙在哪呢  Now where are those laggards?
哦  我猜着也是  Ah, I should have guessed.
嘿  我不想打扰你们的美好时刻  Hey, I hate to horn in on your beautiful moment
但就怕你们没有注意到  天要黑了  but in case you haven't noticed, it's getting dark.
朱尼珀  我们应该继续赶路了  Juniper, um, we gotta get going.
好的  我会过去的  Okay, I'll be over here.
很抱歉叫醒你  但我不知道  I'm sorry to wake you, but, I don't know
潮汐是变了还是怎么了  the tide turned or something.
我对潮汐不是很了解  I don't really know much about tides.
重点是 我们需要找到其他能出去的路  But the point is, we need to find another way out.
祝你好运  Okay. Good luck with that.
好的  我们能够从这出去  Okay, yeah, I can get us out of here.
是时候运用我开路先锋的能力了  Time to turn on my trailblazing skills.
派奇  你曾经做过这种奇怪的梦吗  Hey, Patchi, have you ever had that weird dream
一群螃蟹从你身上爬过  where a bunch of crabs are crawling all over you?
没有  你知道的  我做的梦是关于龙虾的  但  No. You know, I've had the lobster dream but
天啊 螃蟹  Holy crab!
把它们弄掉  Get them off!
这有一大群螃蟹  Here they come, they're swarming
我不知道  它们是否友好 噢  and I don't know if they're friendly! Ow!
退后 快退后  走  走  快滚开  Hey, back off, shoo, shoo, get out of here!
我看你喜欢跳舞  爱跳什么舞呢  我的海味儿朋友  Oh, I see you like to dance. So, what will it be, my briny friend?
曼博舞？  The mambo?
萨尔萨舞  也许是兰巴达  The salsa? Perhaps the deadly lambada?
好犟的家伙  你们惹错人了哈  Tough guy, huh? Well, you've messed with the wrong
噢 噢  快下去  Ow, ow! Get it off!
看它们扭动  扭啊扭啊扭  Look at them wiggle. Wiggly  wiggly  woo.
是的 赶快跑嘛 你看起来真笨  That's right, you run away! You look so stupid!
天啊 越来越多了  Oh, boy. Incoming!
这是什么意思  What does that mean?
嗨 新朋友们 你们在食物链的第几层  Hey, new friends, where are you on the food chain?
最上面 下面 还是中间  High, low, middle?
告诉我一个大致范围   快跑  Give us a ballpark    Run!
还好 它们不想吃我们  It's okay, they don't want us!
那它们想吃啥?  Then what do they want?!
螃蟹  The crabs!
呃 它们是生吞啊？  Ew, they just eat them whole?
我猜它们是纯粹主义者  I guess they're purists.
跟上 朱尼珀  跟上我  我确定就是这条路  Come on Juniper, follow me! I'm pretty sure it's this way.
领路吧 派奇  可是我们能慢点吗  Lead on, Patchi, but can we slow it down
这还是有点难走  a tad? Still a little tender here.
好的 当然没问题  Oh, yeah, of course, no problem.
瞧瞧  派奇已经成了领袖  You see, Patchi was already becoming a leader.
尽管只领导一个人  但你总得有个开始嘛  A leader of one, but you gotta start somewhere.
西方的地平线上的最后一次日落  The sun set for the last time on the western horizon
然后让月亮姐姐  giving way to sister moon
在冬天的阿拉斯加荒野占统治地位  who would now hold sway over the wintery Alaskan wilderness
它的淡蓝色眼睛穿透黑暗  piercing the darkness with her pale blue eyes.
这意味着  在北极圈  Which simply means, it'll be dark
黑暗会持续很久  in the Arctic for a very longtime.
呀 变得越来越冷了  Yikes! It's getting kinda chilly.
我们该多穿几层的  We should have brought layers.
你确定这是去觅食区的路吗？  Are you sure this is the right way to the feeding grounds?
当然确定  这种事我手到擒来  Of course I'm sure. I got a knack for these kinds of things.
而且  我还有个万无一失的B计划  Besides, I've also got a foolproof Plan B
它的名字叫做亚历克斯  and his name is Alex.
我希望还有C计划  因为我完全迷失了方向  I hope there's a Plan C, 'cause I'm totally lost.
你听到了吗  我们在这个可怕的地方迷路了  Did you hear that? We're lost in this horrible place.
这只是片普通的树林  里面都是普通的树木啦  It's just a normal forest full of normal foresty things.
那是什么  What was that?
这一点也不好玩  That's not funny!
毛球 把那个东西拿远点  Take it somewhere else, furball!
你知道 有一天这些哺乳动物会灭绝的  You know, someday these mammals will go extinct
那时候我们就笑到最后了 哈哈  and then we'll have the last laugh. Ha ha!
你知道吗 这里实际上也没那么糟糕  You know, it isn't actually that bad out here.
想想看 这个漆黑吓人的树林  Think about it   a dark creepy forest
实际上只是一处  is really just an open field
满是树木和不同生物的阔地  with trees and different things in it.
你永远也不知道你会发现到什么  You never know what you're gonna find.
哎哟 小心这根木头  Oops. Watch the log.
啊 不是木头 是尾巴  Uh, not log, tail.
我希望它跟这对爪子或者全是牙齿的嘴巴  I hope it's not connected to this claw in any way.
没有任何联系  Or that big toothy muzzle.
噢 我不忍心看下去了  Oh, I can't bear to watch...
但我还是忍不住  but I will.
小心点 派奇 不要做任何突然的行动  Careful, Patchi, don't make any sudden movements.
这是另一个动作 我正担心着呢  It's another kind of movement. I'm worried about right now.
好的  Okay.
树梢上可爱的小戈尔戈  Nice little Gorgo on the treetop
请不要在这个时候醒来  While I climb over Please don't wake up'
我建议你现在再轻点慢点  Now, I suggest you slowly and gently...
跑 跑啊  Run away, run away!
你在做什么 你想让我们被吃掉吗  What are you doing? Are you trying to get us eaten?
不 我可不想被吃掉  No, I'm not trying to get us eaten.
我是想让我们逃离出去  I'm trying to get us out of here.
其实 它可能在冬眠 到春天才会醒来  Anyway, he's probably hibernating. He won't wake up till spring.
或许从现在开始 我们要更加小心点  Maybe we should be a bit more careful from now on.
是的 从现在开始 我会格外小心 并保持安静  Yeah. From now on, I'm gonna be extra careful and keep it stealthy.
我要做一名忍者  I'm gonna be like a ninja.
在这树林里可能隐藏着很多潜在的危险  There are probably plenty of other things to worry about in these woods.
确实是  Totally.
比如说 你觉得还会有什么东西出现  Like, what other kind of things you think are out here?

纤手龙  意为狭窄的手，是近颌龙科恐龙的一属  杂食性恐龙，生活于上白垩纪的加拿大艾伯塔省  约2.9米长 臀部达0.91米高 其体重估计为110磅  吃小型的蜥蜴及哺乳动物，或是植物、蛋及昆虫  纤手龙 意为前爪纤细的杂食性动物  Chirostenotes, meaning narrow  handed omnivore.



嗯 别担心 它们比较温和的 对不？  Mmm  hmm. Oh, Don't worry. This is kinda nice, right?
柔和的月光下散步 就好像约会啊  Little moonlit stroll. Sort of like a date.
不 不像约会 更像是遛弯儿  Well, not like a date. More like a hangout.
像晚间友好的  悠闲散步  Like a friendly hang  sesh at night.
纤手龙  Chirostenotes!
千手龙？  Chiroste  nachos?
是「纤」    到底是啥  Notes! What it is?
嘿 走开！是「纤」 纤手龙 说来听听  Hey, beat it! Note  ies. Chirostenotes. Enunciate!
这是个神马样的名字啊?  What kind of a name is that?
长长的名字    走开  A long one. Get away!
人们给它们起了个疯狂的名字  They give them crazy names,
我就叫它们细脖霉斑鬼吧  I would have called them skinny  neck pecky thingies.
这名字更长 或许我们应该专注一点  That's longer. Maybe we should just focus.
它们一直在啄我们 没法专注啊  A little hard to focus when they keep pecking!
派奇 它们没有牙齿  Patchi,  they don't have any teeth!
但是我有  But I do!
是的  Yeah!
就是这样 是的 就是这样  Got them good! Yeah! That's right!
谁还想被咬  你吗?  Who wants to get bit? You?!
退下 你们这些细脖霉斑鬼  Back off, you skinny  neck pecky thing!
它们的羽毛尝起来味道真差  Their feathers taste gross.
滚开吧 笨鸟  Take a hike, turkey bird!
继续前进  Keep it moving.
你在看什么 赶快逃吧  What are you looking at? Better move on!
是的 我也是这样想的  Yeah, that's what I thought!
我们也得快跑  And so should we!
哇  WOW!
噢 太棒了 你也在看着那个 是不？  Oh, good,you're seeing that, too?
我刚还在想我吃的腐臭松果  Just 'cause I thought it was that rancid pinecone I ate.
真是美极了  It's so beautiful.
噢 那里有一条奔腾不息的河流  Oh, there's a river that runs on forever
我想去看看它通往哪里  I'm gonna see where it leads
噢 那里有一座无人问津的山脉  Oh, there's a mountain that no man has mounted
我想攀上顶峰  I'm gonna stand on the peak.
那是一个时间不受控制的国度  Out there's a land that time don't command
我想成为第一个到达的人  Wanna be the first to arrive
没有时间去思考  为什么我是个流浪者  No time for pondering why I'm  a wandering
只是因为我们都还活着  On while we're both still alive
你会跟着我一直走向世界的尽头吗  To the ends of the earth, would you follow me
那是一个我们肉眼能看得见的世界  There's a world that was meant for our eyes to see.
走向世界的尽头···  To the ends of the earth...
它们在那里 你做到了 你找到它们了  There they are! You did it! You found them!
是我们找到它们了  We found them.
来吧 跟上我的脚步  Come on!Race you to the bottom!
这是我们的兽群  That's my herd!
好滑啊  Slippery!
注意脚下 哇哦  Look out below! Whoa!
等等我  Wait up!
看来某人已经完全恢复过来了  Somebody got a second wind.
走吧  Let's go!
耶 满月啊 真酷  Yeah! Full moon, cool!
妈妈 爸爸 我们成功了  Mom, Dad! We made it!
嘿 大家好 是我们啊  Hey, everybody, it's us!
我们回来啦     归队啦  We're back!    Incoming!
嗨 加里 你看上去不错哦 菲利···  Hi, Garry. Looking good, Phyl...
哇哦 菲利斯 注意你的尾巴  Whoa, Phyllis, watch the tail.
好吧 好吧 好吧 看着谁在慢跑着进入营地  Well, well, well,look who's trotting into camp.
斯高尔 它在放弃了自己的兄弟后回到营地  Scowler, back after heroically abandoning his brother.
你好 薄情的人  Greetings, my fickle friend.
嗯 亚历克斯 来咬我啊  Uh, Alex, bite me.
嗯 如果我那样做 你可别介意  Mm, don't mind if I do.
喂 喂 喂  Hey! Hey, hey!
嘿 斯特雷奇 回你自己的沼泽地里  Hey, Stretch, get your own slimy rock.
这才对嘛  Yeah.
?你会跟着我一直走向世界的尽头吗?  To the ends of the earth,would you follow me
?那是一个我们肉眼能看得见的世界?  There's a world that was meant for our eyes to see
?你会跟着我一直走向世界的尽头吗?  To the ends of the earth,would you follow me
?如果你不去 咱俩就说拜拜?  If you won't, I must say my goodbyes to thee a
好的 小黑鱼 我抓住你了  All right, little swimmy thingies, I gotcha!
噢 伙计 你在干嘛  Aw, man! What are you doing?
它们有时候需要上来呼吸新鲜空气  They've gotta come up for air sometime.
喂 笨蛋们  Hey, losers!
派奇托 你们这两个笨蛋去哪了  They looked. Where you losers been, huh, Patchi?!
什么 是你把我们丢在后面  What?!You left us behind.
是你们让我待在前面的    真是荒谬  You left me ahead.      That's ridiculous!
你才荒谬  You're ridiculous!
不 你真是荒谬  No, you are ridiculous.
哼 你荒谬        你荒谬  Uh  uh, you're ridiculous!     You're ridiculous!
哎呀 好冷啊  Oh, so cold!
最后 曾经被黑暗  Eventually the sky,once shrouded
笼罩数月的天空  in darkness for months on end...
被升起的太阳点亮  was brightened by the arrival of the sun.
阿法齿负鼠走出洞穴 在阳光下看着自己的影子  The Alphadon came out of his hole and saw his shadow...
你知道的 这意味着冬天过去了  and you know what that means: Winter was over.
我认为它看不到自己的影子才代表冬天结束了  I thought winter was over if he doesn't see his shadow.
你肯定对阿法齿负鼠的一天一无所知  You know absolutely nothing about Alphadon Day.
那时候我注意到  It was around that time that I noticed
大家又要南迁了  everybody was going South again...
但这一次是相反的  but this time in reverse.
换句话说 是北迁  So North,in other words.
正确  Exactly.
幸运的是 梅杰发话了  Fortunately, Major was there to give the word.
是我听错了? 还是梅杰刚才说的和"去南方"是一个意思?  Am I wrong, or was that the same as the word for going south?
这句话非常好理解  It's a very simple language.
伴随着踏上回到出生地的旅途  As he began the return journey to his birthplace...
派奇回顾着那让它喜悦  Patchi reflected on the joys
也让它心痛的第一次迁徙  and heartaches of his first migration.
快点 派奇 往北边走  Come on, Patchi.Northward ho!
是的  Yeah.
我们去队伍前面吧 我可不想一直看着  Let's get to the front, I'm tired of looking
这些家伙的臀部  at people's butts all the time.
季节的变化记录了一次次的迁徙  Marching to a meter set down by the change of seasons...
派奇的种群年复一年的在同一条路线上行走  Patchi's herd traveled the same route year after year.
它们向南方行进  They journeyed South...
然后回到北方  then North...
然后再次去南方  then South again.
我不明白 为什么不偶尔去一下西方呢  I mean, seriously, what's wrong with West once in a while?
或者是东方 就算是增添乐趣也行啊 你懂吧？  Or East, even, just to spice things up, you know?
一路走来 一只一直跟在它身后的  Through it all, his load was lightened
善良的鸟儿帮它减轻了负担  by the splendid bird that always had his back.
在这些旅途中 派奇和我收获了很多回忆  Patchi and I collected a lot of memories
还有好多的虫子  on those trips, and even more bugs.
抓住你 卡住了 我被卡住了  Gotcha! I'm stuck. I'm stuck.
不要担心我 我很好  Don't worry about me. I'm fine.
不 我也爱你 非常感谢 是的 十分感激 伙计  No, I love you too. Thanks a lot.Yeah, I appreciate it, buddy.
但随着时间的流逝和每一次迁移的结束  But with each passing year and every migration...
潘奇托越长越壮  Patchi grew bigger and bigger
并且它头上的洞也越来越大  and his hole grew larger and larger.
嘿 我告诉过你 总有一天这口子里会充满着荣耀  Hey, I told you one day his hole would be filled with greatness.
我这不就来了嘛！  And here I am!
是的 我的小伙伴派奇不再是那个小家伙  Yes, my little friend Patchi was not so little anymore.
它已经成为一个青壮年  He had grown into a young adult..
正赶上一年一度的求爱季  just in time for the annual courtship...
当成熟的雄性争夺雌性的好感时  when mature males vie for the affections of the females.
派奇 你要知道一点  You know something, Patchi?
我真的很喜欢那一段我们一起度过的时期  I love the quality time we spend together, really.
但是不是到你和朱尼珀表明意图的时候了？  But isn't it time you declared your intentions with Juniper?
因为撞头打架的季节已经开始了  'Cause headbutting season has already begun.
我讨厌撞头打架的季节  I hate headbutting season.
就好像所有的成年人在这时都失去了理智  It's like all the adults suddenly lose their minds.
随着各种的叫喊 喷鼻息和转圈  With all the yelling and the snorting and the circling...
不要忘记撞头打架  Don't forget the headbutting.
是的 撞头打架 真是老掉牙的方式  Yeah, and the headbutting. It's so... prehistoric.
但是这就是事情解决的方法  But it is how things are done.
什么 是哪种事情  What? What kind of things?
我不能干涉这种心事 它违背了我的原则  I cannot interfere with matters of the heart, it is against my policy!
派奇喜欢你  Patchi loves you.
哈？  Huh?
派奇 我还担心你不会出现  Patchi! I was afraid you weren't going to show up.
什么 我当然会来  What? Of course I was.
等等 我为什么要出现呢?  And, wait, what am I showing up for again?
笨蛋 是撞头竞赛啊  The headbutting contest, silly.
梅杰接纳所有的挑战者  Major is taking on all challengers.
谁会傻到去挑战那个家伙 它那么庞大  Who would be dumb enough to challenge that guy? He's huge.
好像到你上场了  And it looks like you're up.
什么  What?!
我应该能把这只打败吧  I should sit this one out,
因为我刚吃了两个巨大的浆果灌木和···  'cause I just ate two huge berry bushes and...
一边去吧  派奇  Step aside, Patchi.
喂 梅杰 是时候让你跟真正的厚鼻龙决斗了  Hey, Major, it's time you went head to head with a real Pachyrhinosaur!
我告诉你 斯高尔是不会让步的  I'll tell you what: Scowler does not back down.
这有什么? 我也不会让步的  What's the big deal? I could do that!
我在一个大家伙身上找到了50条臭虫  I've got 50 bugs on the big guy.
如果你们只打算聊聊天 我就要继续去吃快餐了  If you're just going to chit chat, I'm going to get a snack.
守住我的地盘  Hold my place.
啊 太棒了 厚鼻龙之间的冲突  Ah, yes, the clash of the Pachyrhinosaurs.
老掉牙的决斗中最大的场面  One of the great spectacles of prehistoric pugilism.
结合芭蕾的优雅  Combining the grace of ballet
和相互撞击的愚蠢  with the stupidity of banging into things.
这是场非常重要的比赛  This was to be a very momentous contest...
因为在那一天  for it was on that day...
斯高尔不仅仅  that Scowler not only took on Major,
向厚鼻龙的老大梅杰发起了挑战  the big boss of the Pachyrhinosaurs...
并且打败了它  but he defeated him.
就这样 一个新时代诞生了  And just like that, a new era was born.
斯高尔成了兽群的新首领  Scowler was the new leader of the herd.
对 就该这么做 斯高尔 好样的  Yeah! Way to go, Scowler! Nice.
打得不错 梅杰 只可惜某些人不得不输了  Good fight, Major. Too bad someone had to lose.
顺便说一下 输的是你  That was you, by the way.
伙计 你的表现太棒了  Man, that was epic.
干得好 伙计  Great job, buddy.
我不是你的伙计 我现在是种群的首领  I'm not your buddy, I'm the leader of the herd now.
对我要尊重  Show some respect.
但是 但是      派奇  But  but...     Patchi!
我怎么知道会是这样?  How was I supposed to know?
朱尼珀 你要去哪  Juniper where are you going?
抱歉 派奇 都怪那些愚蠢的规则  Sorry, Patchi,it's those stupid rules.
小弟  这是北极区的法律  打个盹 你就输了  Law of the arctic, little bro.You snooze, you lose.
但我没有...我的意思是  But I didn't    I mean
等一下 再来一次怎么样?  哈? 三局两胜?  Hold on. How about a do  over? Huh? Best of three?
我准备好了 我们来决斗吧！  I'm ready now, let's do it!
我们已经不再是小孩子了  We're not kids anymore!
快点儿  朱尼珀 快走  Come on, Juniper. Move out!
对了 至于派奇你...  Oh, and Patchi
我知道我知道  跟在你屁股后边  I know, I know, eat your dust.
大部队继续前进  只是这次领袖是斯高尔  And the herd marched on, but this time with Scowler leading the way.
话说 现在族群由我斯高尔领导  Okay,this is Scowler's herd
所以从现在起有些规矩我们得改改  and things are gonna be different around here from now on!
规矩一  所有成员  Rule number one,all herd members
要跟在斯高尔身后  至少保持四英尺距离  will walk a minimum four feet behind Scowler!
规矩二  除非斯高尔先和你说话  Rule number two, do not speak to Scowler
否则不要试图和它搭话  without first being spoken to.
规矩三  不要直视斯高尔的眼睛  Rule number three, do not make direct eye contact with Scowler.
规矩四 不要质疑或反驳斯高尔  Rule number four, neverquestion or contradict Scowler.
每个月的第一个周四  The first Thursday of every month
是感恩斯高尔日  will be known as Scowler Appreciation Day.
建议赠送礼物  包括但不局限于...  Suggested gifts include, but are not limited to
如果说派奇受伤的自尊心还不够糟  As if Patchi's bruised ego wasn't bad enough
现在它又有了一大堆伤心事  now he had a big old heap of heartbreak to go with it.
嘿！嘿！走开！你这个讨厌的非法入侵者  Hey! Hey, get out,you lousy squatter.
派奇 振作点儿 这又不是世界末日  Cheer up, Patchi, it's not the end of the world.
这种情况不会持续很多年的  That won't come for another couple years.
让我自己静一静 好吗?  Leave me alone, would you?
你想谈谈心吗    想聊聊吗  You wanna talk about it? You wanna share?
下去  Get off!
好吧 你是老大  当然在斯高尔之下  Okay, you're the boss! Besides Scowler.
为言过早  对不起  Too soon? Too soon, sorry.
冰雪开始消融 但派奇的内心?  The ice and snow had started to thaw, but Patchi's heart?
呃 那是另当别论了  Well, that was another matter.
是的 对我们这位步履沉重的英雄而言 日子很难熬  Yep, these were tough times for our lumbering hero.
但正如谚语所说  But as the saying goes,
即使生活不如意 也要学会苦中作乐  when life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
尽管老天爷让你的兄弟成了领袖  And when life puts your brother in charge
并抢走了你心爱的姑娘  and takes away the girl of your dreams
呃 这个  这个真的是煎熬  Well,that's  that's a tough one.
咱还是回到故事里吧  Let me get back to you on that.
斯高尔  真有一套 在冰上行走多有趣啊  Way to go, Scowler. Frozen water, always fun to walk on.
我希望朱尼珀能回头看看我  I wish Juniper would look back at me,
哪怕给我个暗示也好  just give me some sort of sign.
嘿  我不记得走过这条路  Hey, I don't remember coming this way.
一定是斯高尔找到的某条捷径吧  Must be one of Scowler's shortcuts.
额..  Hmm.
快点儿 大伙儿 尽量跟上  Come on, people, try to keep up here.
哇哦  我听到嘲笑声 谁在笑?  Whoa! I heard laughing, who's laughing?
我不敢相信我们居然在仲春的湖面上行走  I can't believe we're on a frozen lake in the middle of spring.
等一下 已经仲春了我们还行走在冰湖上?  Wait a minute. We're on a frozen lake in the middle of spring?
朱尼珀  Juniper！
告诉斯高尔这儿不安全！  Tell Scowler it's not safe!
它不会听我的   它不会听任何人的  He won't listen to me. He won't listen to anybody.
朱尼珀  你要相信我  我们需要离开这块冰面  Juniper, you have to believe me, we need to get off this ice!
但是斯高尔是族群领袖  But Scowler's the herd leader.
我们必须追随它 这是规矩  We have to follow him, it's the rule.
噢  不  Oh, no!
我告诉过你们加快脚步  I told you guys to pick up the pace!
快跑   没有退路了  Come on! No retreating!
当斯高尔仓惶向前冲时  While Scowler blundered forward
派奇意识到它必须让族群离开这些冰  Patchi knew he had to move the herd off the ice.
大伙儿 回到岸上去  Everybody, back to shore!
大家快往回走  Turn back, everyone.
伙计们  那儿不安全  我们需要往回走  You guys, it's not safe! We need to turn back!
来吧 小家伙   我推你一把  对  跑起来  Come on, little guy, I got you. That's it.
快跑   大家跟着我  Let's go! Everybody follow me!
大家都离开冰面  Everyone off the ice!
站到岸上来  On to shore, everybody!
快挤进来  Just push in!
派奇 现在怎么办?   我们数量太多了！  Patchi! What now?! There's too many of us!
好的  快开动脑筋  呃  Okay. Think! Um
撞倒这些树并且可以吃到顶上的绿叶  Knock down the tree and feast on the leafy greens up top.
对 就是这样 跟着我  That's it! Follow me!
这边  This way!
继续前进  Keep moving!
推倒这些树 开出一条路  Push down the trees! Make a path!
接招吧 乱树丛！  Take that, random tree!
哦哟哟！  Whoo  hoo!
干得漂亮啊 派奇  Good job, Patchi!
嘿 它带走了我的族群  Hey! He's taking my herd!
噢 冷死了  Oh, so cold!
派奇灵活的脑瓜子避免了族群坠湖冻死的命运  Patchi's quick thinking had saved the herd from a frigid fate
但不是每个人都感激它的英勇  but not everyone was grateful for his heroics.
过来  Come on!
嘿 你以为你是谁啊 啊?  Hey, who do you think you are, huh?!
天呐 斯高尔看起来气疯了 是吗?  Boy, looks like Scowler's pretty mad, huh?
我们最好继续前进  We better just keep moving.
嘿 派奇  Hey, Patchi!
看着我  你不能就这么带走我的族群  Look at me! You can't just take my herd!
这不符合规矩  That's not the way things are done!
你知道规矩是什么  过来  There's rules, you know! Come here!
斯高尔 我没有从你手中夺走它们好吗?  I didn't take them, all right, Scowler?
我只是必须带它们离开冰湖  I had to get them off the ice.
很欢迎你加入我们  You're welcome to join us!
哦 不要担心 派奇  Oh, don't worry, Patchi
不管你去哪儿我都会找到你  I will find you wherever you go!
然后你就等着瞧吧！  And then we'll see what's up!
随便你怎么说 斯高尔  Whatever you say, Scowler.
当太阳西沉 影子渐渐拉长  The shadows grew long as the sun kissed the Western horizon
投射出幽暗的光芒照耀着我们无畏的主人公  casting a ghostly glow over our fearless protagonist
同时  也照耀着派奇  and also on Patchi.
我希望斯高尔不是真的生气了  I hope Scowler wasn't serious back there.
它可能只是撒撒气   它会想通的  He's probably just letting off steam.  He'll get over it.
惊喜来了  哈哈  Surprise! Ha ha!
真高兴能碰见你们   因为现在是时候  So glad you're here, 'cause it's time
做个了断了  派奇  to get down to business, Patchi!
好吧 看来它没有想通  Okay. He's not over it.
无视它就好  走吧  Just ignore him. Let's keep going.
说得对 走吧  You're right, come on.
嘿  派奇  你急匆匆要去哪儿 哈?  Hey, Patchi, where you off to in such a hurry, huh?
派奇不要理它 别上钩  Patchi, don't engage him, don't take the bait.
斯高尔   你想干嘛?  What do you want, Scowler?
你偷了我的族群 还偷了我的女人  You stole my herd, you stole my girl
你要因此付出代价  and now you're gonna pay for it.
你破坏了规矩  You crossed the line.
当你差点让大家都死在那儿 是你坏了规矩  You crossed the line when you almost got everyone killed back there.
和小孩子讲话真是麻烦  让我看看你是不是能守住  Tough talk for a little guy . Let's see if you can back it up.
你可以带走族群   但你不能带走朱尼珀  You can have the herd, but you're not taking Juniper.
派奇 你没必要这么做的  你没必要和它打架  You don't have to do this, Patchi, you don't have to fight him.
离开的最后机会  Last chance to walk away!
否则会怎么样呢?  What's it gonna be?
那就做个了断吧！  This ends here!
放弃吧！  Give up!
想得美！  Yeah, come on!
哈 你比我想象中的强那么一点儿  Oh, you're tougher than I thought.
派奇  你还想再试试吗  You want some more, Patch?
果真和我想的一样  That's what I thought.
顺便告诉你  你被驱逐出族群了  And by the way, you're out of the herd.
走！  Move out!
派奇  你还好吧?  Patchi, are you all right?!
派奇?  Patchi?
好的  在那儿别动  我来帮你  Okay, hang in there, I'm gonna help you.
朱尼珀   你在干什么?  What are you doing, Juniper?
我说了走   你知道我们的规矩  I said move out. You know the rules.
你不能就这样把它留在那儿    它是你弟弟  You can't just leave him like that, he's your brother.
我没有弟弟  I don't have a brother.
现在回到族群里去！  Now get back to the herd!
朱尼珀 不要走  Juniper, don't go.
好吧  这就是许多人所经历的  Well, this is the way it goes for some of us.
我们全力以赴   我们为信仰而战  We try our best, we fight the good fight
然而我们却在强者面前败北  and yet we cannot succeed against the greater forces.
唉  可怜的派奇无助地躺着  Aye, poor Patchi. Lying helpless
全世界的重量都压在它的肩上  with the weight of the world on his shoulders.
什么才能把它从绝望边缘拉回来呢?  What could bring him back from the brink of despair?
好吧  这就是朋友的使命  Well, that's what friends are for.
派奇  Patchi!
派奇  Patchi?
派奇 振作点儿   你必须站起来  哥们儿  Patchi, come on,   you've got to get up, buddy.
拜托   派奇   和我说句话  Come on, Patchi, please.  Talk to me.
到底怎么了?   你受伤了吗?  What is the problem?   Are you hurt?
这样有感觉吗?  How 'bout now?
这样呢?   痛吗?   一点点儿?  And what about this? Does that hurt? A little bit?
噢！食腐动物！  Uh  oh. Scavengers!
嘿！离开这儿！  Hey! Get out of here!
回家去   这没什么好看的  走开！  Return to your home,  nothing to see here! Go away!
走开！走开！  Shoo, shoo!
派奇   快起来！  Patchi, get up!
不  No.
我属于这儿  This is where I belong.
嗷 亚历克斯  我真是个蠢蛋  Aw, Alex, what an idiot I was,
居然试图变成大人物  trying to be the big man
自以为可以打败斯高尔然后和朱尼珀在一起  thinking I could beat Scowler and be with Juniper.
不是这样 我的朋友 你把野心和命运搞混了  No, my friend, you are confusing ambition with destiny!
你小时候  我就跟你说过  Now, I told you when you were little
你会成为一个英雄  that you were going to be a hero!
阿克西鸟从不说谎  And an Alexornis never lies!
派奇  拜托了 这些家伙不好糊弄  Patchi, please, these guys aren't fooling around, okay?
它们要享受晚宴了  They're gonna have a dinner party
而且我可以很确定地告诉你  你是主菜  and I'm telling you, you're the main course!
很好  Good.
若你的父亲尘土还在 它一定会说 你真让它丢脸  Shame on you. Imagine what your father, Bulldust, would say to that.
我不在乎  I don't care.
我没理由去...  I have no reason to
唉哟  好吧 这很痛  Ouch! Okay, that hurt.
啊哦  更多的食客来了  Uh  oh. More customers.
快点  走吧  大家伙  Come on, move it, big guy!
亚历克斯  你可以走开吗  Alex, would you just go away?
我不希望你看到我被吃掉  I don't want you to see this.
不 派奇  不要让这件事发生！  No, Patchi! Don't let this happen!
来吧  让一切都结束吧  Come on!   Just get it over with.
让我从痛苦中彻底解脱  Put me out of my misery.
唉哟！  Ow!
派奇  Patchi
听我说  listen to me.
不要白白死去  Do not die in vain.
如果你要死  If you're going to die,
也要像你父亲一样因为有意义的事情牺牲  die for something like your father did.
它因你而死  He died for you.
但你有活下去的理由  But you have  someone to live for.
朱尼珀  Juniper.
朱尼珀  Juniper!
快起来！  Getup!
起来  快起来  派奇  Get up! Get up, Patchi!
离我远点儿  Get it off me!
你不是一块任人宰割的肉  You are not a piece of meat.
我不是一块任你们宰割的肉  I am not a piece of meat!
走开  Get outta here!
我不怕你  I'm not afraid of you!
我不怕任何人  I'm not afraid of anyone!
哇哦  真带种    你早餐吃的啥?  Wow, that was something! What did you eat for breakfast?
如果你必须知道的话 我吃的矮灌木  I ate a bush,  if you must know.
我振作了   是的  I'm back! Yes!
小心 厚鼻恐龙全速前进了  Look out!  Pachyrhinosaur, on the move!
好样儿的 派奇  跑起来！  Yes, Patchi, lumber!
像风一样的少年！  Lumber like the wind!
看什么看   滚开  小东西  What are you looking at?  Scram, punks!
一定要找到它们  要找到它们  Gotta get back, gotta get back.
别挡道  细脖霉斑鬼  Out of my way, skinny  neck pecky things!
是的 正在追赶中  Yeah, right back at you!
该回去了 该回去了  Gotta get back, gotta get back.
派奇鼓起的勇气弥补了它身材矮小的缺点  What Patchi lacked in size,he made up for in courage.
什么都阻挡不了它  For nothing would stop him.
至少这次如此  Not this time.
我做到了  I made it.
我做到了  I made it.
朱尼珀  Juniper!
它在边缘徘徊  He tracked along the fringes,
寻找它曾错过的人  looking for the one who was once lost to him
但现在是谁给予它新的目标呢  but who now had given him his new sense of purpose.
喂 大家好 有谁看见朱尼珀了吗  Hey, everybody! Has anyone seen Juniper?
有人吗 有人看到了吗  Anyone? Anyone.
就快速回应有或没有就好啦  Just a quick yes or no.
它在那儿  There she is!
朱尼珀  Juniper!
朱尼珀 打扰一下  Juniper! Excuse me!
所有的困难因为  Patchi's hardships were swept away
真爱的憧憬而消散  by the vision of his true love.
它内心唱歌 精神振奋 在那一刻  His heart sang and his spirit soared, and at that moment
它真想越过上千头甚至上万头恐龙的屁股  he would have walked through a thousand dinosaur butts
只要接近它心爱的朱尼珀  or even a million, if only to get to his beloved Juniper.
派奇 你没事啦  Patchi, you're okay!
我害怕永远都见不到你  I was afraid I was never going to see you again.
别担心 你以后会经常见到我  Don't worry, you'll be seeing plenty more of me,
因为我想告诉你一些事  because there's something I want to tell you.
真的吗    我正准备说  Really?    I'm just gonna say it.
说吧  Go on.
因为这是最佳时机  Because this is  the right moment.
说啊    朱尼珀  Say it!   Juniper
啊  Huh?
这是什么 等一下 发生什么了  What is it? Wait, what's going on?
大家都恐惧什么  What's all the panic?
派奇很快意识到它们种群  Patchi would soon realize that the herd
已经进入到极为相似的山口  had entered an all  too  familiar mountain pass.
等等 我认识这个地方  伏击山谷  Wait, I know this place. Ambush Alley.
伏击山谷 死亡之谷 斯高尔犯傻之地  Ambush alley, Dead Man's Canyon, Scowler's Folly.
顺便说一下 那是新名字 你马上会知道原因的  That's a new name, by the way. And you'll know why in a minute.
派奇 戈尔冈龙!   我们要走出这里 快  Patchi, the Gorges! We've gotta get out of here, now!
斯高尔  Scowler?
斯高尔  Scowler!
派奇 不要光站在那 离开这 快跑  Patchi, don't just stand there  Get out of here! Run!
但你是我哥哥 我们要团结一致  But you're my brother! We have to stick together!
我说了  快跑  I meant, run away!
我懂你的意思  I know what you meant.
继续 别担心 我会摆平它们的  Go on! Don't worry, I'm wearing them out!
我哪也不去  I'm not going anywhere!
派奇 保护我们的种族  Patchi, save the herd!
带它们去安全区  Lead them to safety!
你什么都不欠我 弟弟 别逞能  You don't owe me anything, little bro! Don't be a hero!
我该怎么办 我该怎么办  What do I do? What do I do?
坚持下去 各位  Hang on, you guys!
我会给你们提供空中支援 大家向天上看  I'm going to give you some air support! Everybody look to the skies!
援手来咯  Help is on the way!
等等 错误情报  Hold on. Bug break.
兵马未动 粮草先行 你懂的  An army marches on its stomach, you know.
派奇  你知道我是对的  You know I'm right, Patchi.
我是将死之人  I'm already a goner.
带我们种族离开这  Take the herd away from here!
能逃的时候赶紧逃  Go while you still can!
派奇  Patchi.
不要死得没有意义  Do not die in vain.
如果你要死  If you are going to die,
就要像你爸爸那样为有意义的事而死  die for something like your father did.
它为你而死的  He died for you.
就是那样 我在跟你说话 小胳膊的家伙  That's right, I'm  talking to you, tiny arms.
大家跟我来  Everyone, follow me!
上啊  Come on!
你惹错人了 小蜥蜴  You messed with the wrong herd, lizard boy!
你们会被好好招待的  You're about to get served!
告诉过你了  Told you!
两边都在激烈战斗  Both sides battled ferociously
但厚鼻龙有一个戈尔冈龙没有的东西  but the Pachyrhinosaurs had one thing the Gorgosaurs did not:
曾经懦弱的小个子  A former runt with a hole in his head
如今内心无比勇敢  and a lion in his heart.
但即使最伟大的英雄  But eventhe greatest of heroes
有时也会从机遇中受益  can sometimes benefit from a lucky break.
这一下是替我哥报的 那一下是替我父亲的  That one's for my brother! And that one's for my dad!
而这一下  And this one
这下让你记住我  That's so you'll remember me!
就是那样 听到没 滚出这里  That's right, you heard me. Get out of here!
我叫派奇 下一个冬天见  Name's Patchi! And I'll see you next winter!
我简直不敢相信 派奇做到了  I don't believe it. Patchi did it!
我刚才溜号了 发生什么了 我们赢了吗  I was distracted. What happened? Did we win'?
发生什么了 反击  What happened? Payback.
就是这么牛  That's what happened.
我告诉你 这绝对不是瞎编的  I'm telling you, you can't make this stuff up.
在经历了一切之后  After everything he'd been through,
派奇的时代终于到来  Patchi's moment had finally arrived.
它是这个种族无可争议的领导  He was the undisputed leader of the herd
没有人比我更骄傲  and nobody was prouder than me.
斯高尔 你受伤了吗?  You hurt, Scowler?
我很好 谢谢  I'm okay. Thanks.
派奇 在我对你做了那些事之后  You know, Patch, you didn't have to do that after
你不必这样对我  you know, what I did to you.
这是我应得的报应  I deserve that.
我猜这意味着你是种群的领导者了  Guess this means you're the leader of the herd now.
所以 你最好继续说  So, you might as well go ahead and say it.
真的吗 好的  Really? Okay.
好的 我们出发吧  Well, let's move 'em out!
听起来不错  Sounds good.
太好了 感觉不错  Yeah,that felt pretty good.
嘿 派奇 你在那儿好棒啊  Hey, Patchi, you were pretty great out there.
你也是 提醒我以后不和你打斗  Yeah, you too. Remind me never to headbutt with you.
朱尼珀 听着 该是讨论未来的时候了  Juniper, listen, it's time to talk about the future.
你是说新生代?  You mean the Cenozoic era?
不 我是说派奇和朱尼珀的时代  No, I meanthe Patchi and Juniper era.
哦 我想我会喜欢未来的  Oh, I think I'm gonna like the future.
带着它的族群  With the herd at his heels,
派奇走过阿拉斯加的大草原  Patchi walked across the grasslands of Alaska
走向未来  and into the future.
一如既往的充满惊喜  Which, as always, was full of surprises.
打扰一下  Excuse me?!
你好 需要我帮忙找东西吗?  Hi, there. Can I help you find something?
不需要  你确定?  No'? You sure?
好的 那就滚出去  Okay, then get out!
回到你愚蠢的家园 不许回来  Go back to turkey town and stay out!
派奇 你又招惹伤齿龙了  Patchi, are you messing with the Troodons again?
我是想让你帮我照忙照看这些蛋  I thought I asked you to watch the eggs.
我看着它们呢 但它们还是没动静  I am watching them, but they keep not doing anything.
我说过的 需要时间 你要耐心等待  I told you, it takes time. You have to be patient.
我知道 但我们讨论我们整个未来  I know, but we're talking about our whole future.
为什么未来要花那么长的时间才能到来  Why does the future always take so long to get here?
嘘 你听到了吗  Shh! You hear that?
到时间了 派奇  开始了  It's time, Patchi. This is it!
我不敢相信  I don't believe it.
哇 看看那  Wow, look at that!
它真好看  Oh, he's beautiful.
它长得和它老爸一样  He looks just like his old man.
如果它像你一样 我们就要手忙脚乱了  Well, if he's anything like you, we'll have our hands full.
看我们在这拥有什么  Well, look what we have here.
请允许我在最幸福的场合下祝贺你  Allow me to congratulate you on this happiest of occasions.
至于名字 我能给它起亚历克斯吗  As far as names go, may I suggest Alex?
意思是非常英俊的鸟  It means, "Ridiculously handsome bird."
对于你 小亚历克斯 亲一下怎么样  And as for you, baby Alex, how 'bout a kiss?
好啦 拜拜  Okay, bye  bye.
?像勇士一样生活?  ? Live like a warrior
?今天 今天 过你想过的生活?  ? Today, today,live like you wanna
?把昨天烧掉  抛进火焰?  ? Let yesterday burn and throw it in a fire
?在火中 在火中?  ? In a fire In a fire
派奇的故事也许已在历史的长河中消散  Patchi's story may have faded into the mosaic of history
但戈尔冈龙嘴巴撞上厚鼻龙脑袋的  but evidence of the day that a Gorgosaur's mouth
证据依然存在  ran into a Pachyrhinosaur's head still exists.
在那之后发生了什么很难说  And what happened after that, well, that's hard to say.
这是一个几代恐龙爱好者  It's a question that has intrigued
都感兴趣的问题  dinosaur lovers for generations.
我只会说 有时你不得不挖掘才能找到答案  I'll only say that sometimes, you have to dig for the answers.
戈尔冈龙的?  A Gorgosaur's?
看起来是  Looks to be.
扎克叔叔  Uncle Zack?
嘿 里基  Hey, Ricky.
来看看我们发现了什么  Come see what we found.
扎克 叔叔  Uncle Zack
看 牙齿  look, the tooth!
里基 你带那颗牙了吗  Ricky, did you bring it?
给你  Here it is.
太酷了     哇  Cool!    Wow!
就是它 正合适  That's it, it fits!
我就知道  值得我们回来嘛  I knew it'd be worth coming back!
孩子 我跟你说过什么？  Kid, What did I tell you?
每块化石都有自己的故事  Every fossil tells a story!
改天来博物馆看我  Hey, come and see me in a museum sometime.
我有个自己的立体模型和雕像  I got my own diorama and a tiki bar!
对于你们其他人 这是我故事的结尾了  As for the rest of you, this is the end of my tail.
不 字面上说 你还能看到我的尾巴不?  No, literally, you see it?
不 说实话  故事结束了  No, really, honestly, it's the end.
就这样 结束了 消失在黑暗中  That's it. We're done. Fade to black.
哦  忽略这个哈  Oops, forgot about that part.
你懂得  Gotcha!
今天 今天 过你想过的生活  Today, today, live like you wanna
让昨天燃烧 并把它投进火焰  Let yesterday burn and throw it in a fire
投进火焰 投进火焰  In a fire In a fire
像战士一样战斗  Fight like a Warrior
今天 今天 过你想过的生活  Today, today, live like you wanna
让昨天燃烧  把它投进火焰中  Let yesterday burn and throw it in a fire
投进火焰  投进火焰  In a fire  In a fire
像勇士一样生活  Live like a warrior
感觉好像世界不爱你  Feel like the world don't love you
他们只想推你走  They only want to push you away
有些日子人们没见到你  Some days people don't see you
感觉你似乎在路上  You feel like you're in the way
今天你感到 每个人都讨厌你  Today you feel, as if everyone hates
看着你的错误 指手画脚  Pointing their fingers Looking at your mistakes
如果你做得好 他们想要你做得更好  You do good, they want great
不论你付出什么 他们仍想索取  No matter what you give they still want to take
奉献你的爱  他们毫不领情  Give your love and they throw it back
敞开心扉 他们却攻击你  You give your heart they go on attack
什么都没有给你留下  When there's nothing left for you
你唯一能做的  那就是  Only thing that you can do, say
今天 今天 过你想过的生活  Today, today, live like you wanna
让昨天燃烧 扔进火中  Let yesterday burn and throw it in a fire
到火中   到火中  In a fire   In a fire
像勇士一样战斗  Fight like a warrior
今天 今天 过你想过的生活  Today, today, live like you wanna
让昨天燃烧 把它投进火焰  Let yesterday burn and throw it in a fire
投进火焰 投进火焰  In a fire In a fire
像勇士一样生活  Live like a warrior