驯龙高手1
这里是博克岛  This is Berk.
绝望谷向北航行十二天到达极寒地以南  It's twelve days north of hopeless and a few degrees south of freezing to death.
它就座落在痛苦之经线上  It's located solidly on the meridian of misery
我的村庄  一言以蔽之  坚固  My village. In a word, sturdy.
它有七代人的历史 但每所建筑仍崭新如初  It's been here for seven generations but every single building is new
我们打渔  狩猎  享受迷人的日落  We have fishing hunting and a charming view of the sunsets
唯一的麻烦就是害虫  The only problems are the pests.
许多地方有老鼠或蚊子  You see, most places have mice or mosquitoes
而我们有...  We have...
龙  ...dragons.
换做其他人就逃了  可我们不走  Most people would leave. Not us.
我们是维京海盗 我们以顽固着称  We're Vikings We have stubbornness issues
我名叫希卡普  My name is Hiccup.
不是个好名字  但好歹不算最差  Great name I know But it's not the worst
父母相信骇人听闻的名字能吓走山怪山精  Parents believe a hideous name will frighten off gnomes and trolls
好像我们"迷人"的维京风度还不够吓人  Like our charming Viking demeanor wouldn't do that
早上好  Morning!
你在这干嘛    回去  What are you doing here?! Get inside!
你在这干嘛  回屋里去  What are you doing out?! Get back inside!
希卡普 他怎么又出来了 你出来干什么 回去  Hiccup! What is he doing? What are you doing out?! Get inside!
他是伟岸的史图伊克  部落首领  That's Stoick the Vast chief of the tribe
听说他在婴儿时期曾把一条龙的脑袋齐肩削去  When he was a baby he popped a dragon's head clean off its shoulders
我相信吗  能不信吗  Do I believe it? Yes, I do.
都有些什么龙  What have we got?
巨齿龙  奈德龙  双头龙 还有一群凶煞梦魇  Gronckles Nadders Zipplebacks Hoark saw a Monstrous Nightmare
有夜煞吗  目前没有  Any Night Furies? None so far
很好  Good.
点燃火柱  Hoist the torches!
欢迎加入猎龙盛会 我还以为你已经被吃掉了  Nice of you to join the party! I thought you'd been carried off!
谁 我吗 算了吧 我太强壮了 不合它们胃口  Who me? No come on I'm way too muscular for their taste
他们不知道拿我怎么办  They wouldn't know what to do with all this
它们需要牙签吧  不是吗  They need toothpicks, don't they?
这个语气不善装着假肢的蠢蛋名叫戈伯  The meathead with attitude and interchangeable hands is Gobber
我从小就在他手下当学徒 好吧 我现在也不大  I've been his apprentice since I was little. Well, littler.
我们转移到沼泽防御区 在那用弹弩反击  Move to the lower defenses We'll counterattack with the catapults
看吧 这就是村庄老房子新的原因  See? Old village lots and lots of new houses
射击  Fire!
我们上  Let's go!
那是小鱼脚 闹腾 双胞胎悍夫奈和暴芙奈  That's Fishlegs Snotlout the twins: Ruffnut and Tuffnut...
还有  ...and...
雅丝翠  ...Astrid.
他们的工作酷多了  Their job is so much cooler.
让我出去 我要立功扬名  Come on Let me out please I need to make my mark
你的名声已经够响亮了  简直臭名昭着  You've made plenty of marks all in the wrong places
求你 只要两分钟 我要杀条龙  Please two minutes I'll kill a dragon
我的生活就会一片大好 说不定还能找个女朋友  My life will get infinitely better I might even get a date
你举不起锤子  挥不动斧头  You can't lift a hammer You can't swing an axe
甚至扔不了这个  You can't even throw one of these!
我承认 但我可以用这个  OK fine but this will throw it for me
看 我就说吧  See? Now this right here is what I'm talking about!
这只是小小的校准问题 希卡普  Mild calibration issue...Hiccup!
如果你想出去和龙战斗  If you ever want to get out there to fight dragons...
你就必须改变...这个  you need to stop all this
可你指着我全身上下  But you just pointed to all of me.
正是如此 你从头到尾都要改  Yes, that's it! Stop being all of you
明白了吧  Oh, yes.
先生 你在玩火  You sir are playing a dangerous game
让我这块维京璞玉蒙尘  Keeping this much raw Vikingness contained?
后果很严重  There will be consequences!
我等着瞧 去磨剑  马上  I'll take my chances Sword Sharpen Now
总有一天我要出去.因为在这里杀死一条龙  One day I'll get out there Because killing a dragon...
意味着全部  ...is everything around here.
一条奈德龙能让我小有名气  A Nadder head is sure to get me at least noticed.
巨齿龙比较难对付  Gronckles are tough.
除掉其中一只肯定能让我交到女朋友  Taking down one of those would definitely get me a girlfriend.
至于双头龙  A Zippleback?
它属珍稀物种  双头意味着双倍地位  Exotic Two heads twice the status
他们发现我们的船了  They found the sheep!
集中火力攻打低岸  Concentrate fire over the lower bank.
快点  射击  Hurry up!  Fire!
还有凶煞梦魇  And then there's the Monstrous Nightmare
只有维京精英才敢捕杀它们  Only the best Vikings go after those.
它们喜欢让自己着火  They have this nasty habit of setting themselves on fire
装弹  我来对付它  Reload! I'll take care of this.
但终极战利品是谁都没见过的龙  But the ultimate prize is the dragon no one's ever seen
我们称之为...夜煞  We call it the...Night Fury!
趴下  Get down!
跳  Jump!
这种龙不偷粮食  从不露面  This thing never steals food never shows itself and...
从不失手  ...never misses.
没人杀过夜煞所以我才要成为第一个  No one has ever killed a Night Fury That's why I'm going to be the first
注意堡垒 希卡普 我要出去  Man the fort Hiccup They need me out there
待在这  别乱动 就待那儿  Stay. Put. There.
你明白我的意思  You know what I mean.
你在做什么 我知道  Where are you going? Yeah I know!
希卡普 马上回来  Hiccup! Be right back!
小心点  Mind yourselves!
这些怪物还有点力气  The devils still have some juice in them!
快点 给我一个射击的目标  Come on Give me something to shoot at Give me something to shoot at
我打中了吗  我打中了  I hit it. Yes, I hit it!
有人看到了吗  Did anybody see that?
没说你  Except for you.
别让它们跑了    好  Do not let them escape! Right!
你喷不出火了  You're all out.
还有一件事没告诉你们  Oh and there's one more thing you need to know
对不起  爸爸  Sorry, Dad.
可我打中了一条夜煞  OK but I hit a Night Fury
这次和以前不同 爸爸 我真的打中了...  It's not like the last few times Dad! I really, actually hit it!
当时你们在忙 我一击即中  You guys were busy I had a very clear shot
它掉到黑暗角去了 我们要派搜寻队去...  It went down off Raven Point Let's get a search party...
闭嘴  Stop!
别说了  Just stop.
每次你一出来就会引起灾难  Every time you step outside disaster follows
你还嫌我的麻烦不够多吗  Can you not see that I have bigger problems?
冬天就要来了 我得养活一村子人  Winter is almost here and I have an entire village to feed!
说句知心话村里的人少吃点也没事.难道你不这么觉得吗  Between you and me, the village could do with a little less feeding.
这不是开玩笑  希卡普  This isn't a joke, Hiccup!
这么简单的命令 你怎么就不听呢  Why can't you follow the simplest orders?
我控制不了.我一看到龙就想杀了它  I can't stop myself. I see a dragon and I have to just kill it.
我本性如此  爸爸  It's who I am, Dad.
你能做很多事  希卡普 但绝对杀不了龙  You're many things Hiccup But a dragon killer is not one of them
回屋里去  Get back to the house.
带他回去  Make sure he gets there.
我来处理他惹的麻烦  I have his mess to clean up.
干得好  Quite the performance.
我没见过比这更糟的了 真了不起  I've never seen anyone mess up that badly. That helped
承蒙夸奖  我继续努力  Thank you, thank you. I was trying.
我真的打中了 当然 希卡普  I really did hit one Sure Hiccup.
他从不听我说 那是家族遗传  He never listens It runs in the family
要不就满脸失望和愤怒  When he does it's with this disappointed scowl
好像有人克扣了他三文治上的肉  like someone skimped on meat in his sandwich
打扰一下 女侍 恐怕你弄错我想要的儿子了  "Excuse me barmaid You brought me the wrong offspring
我点的是肌肉发达的大个子男孩还要有勇气和荣誉  I ordered an extra  large boy with beefy arms extra guts and glory on the side
这个却是会说话的鱼骨头  This here, this is a talking fishbone."
你完全想错了  You're thinking about this wrong.
这和你的外表无关 他不能忍受的是你的内在  It's not so much what you look like it's what's inside that he can't stand.
谢谢你的总结  Thank you for summing that up.
重点是这不适合你 不要再勉为其难了  Look the point is stop trying so hard to be something you're not
我只想成为你们当中的一员  I just want to be one of you guys.
我们不消灭它们  就会被它们消灭  Either we finish them or they'll finish us!
这是除掉它们的唯一办法  It's the only way we'll be rid of them
找到并毁掉龙的巢穴  If we find the nest and destroy it,
它们就会离开它们会去寻找另一个家园  the dragons will leave They'll find another home!
趁海水结冰前我们再搜寻一次  One more search before the ice sets in
那些船只会有去无回  Those ships never come back.
我们是维京海盗.这是职业病 谁愿意和我去  We're Vikings. It's an occupational hazard. Now who's with me?!
好吧  留下来的人负责照顾希卡普  All right Those who stay will look after Hiccup
这才像样  That's more like it.
我去收拾我的底衣  I'll pack my undies.
不 你留下训练新兵  No I need you to stay and train some new recruits
好极了 我在忙时希卡普可以看店  Perfect And while I'm busy Hiccup can cover the stall
溶铁 磨刀片 还有很多时间独处  Molten steel, razor  sharp blades lots of time to himself.
绝对不会出事  What could possibly go wrong?
我要拿他怎么办 戈伯  What am I going to do with him Gobber?
让他和其他人一起训练  Put him in training.
我是认真的    我也是  No I'm serious. So am I
你还没放龙出来  他就死了  He'd be killed before the first dragon is out of its cage
这可不一定 我很肯定  You don't know that I do actually.
不 你弄错了 我不会错  No you don't No I do.
不  你错了  No, you don't.
你知道他的德性  Listen, you know what he's like.
从他会爬起他就与众不同  From the time he could crawl he's been different
他从不听我说 注意力持续时间比麻雀还短  He doesn't listen. He has the attention span of a sparrow
我带他去打渔 他却跑去猎山精  I take him fishing and he goes hunting for trolls!
山精的确存在  它们会偷袜子  Trolls exist. They steal your socks.
可只偷左脚的  为什么呢  But only the left ones What's with that?
我小时候...又来了  When I was a boy...Here we go
我父亲让我拿头撞石头 我照做了  my father told me to bang my head against a rock and I did it
我觉得这不合理  但我没质疑他  I thought it was crazy but I didn't question him
你知道后来怎么样了吗 你患上头痛  And you know what happened? You got a headache.
石头裂成两半  That rock split in two.
我从此知道了维京海盗的能力 戈伯  It taught me what a Viking could do Gobber
他能摧毁大山 移平森林 驾驭海洋  He could crush mountains level forests, tame seas!
我从小就知道自己的能力和责任  Even as a boy I knew what I was what I had to become
希卡普却不是这样  Hiccup is not that boy.
你阻止不了他  史图伊克  You can't stop him, Stoick.
你只能帮他作好准备  You can only prepare him.
我知道这不中听 但事实是你不可能永远保护他  I know it seems hopeless, but you won't always be around to protect him
他还会出去 可能现在已经出去了  He's going to get out there again He's probably out there now
神明都不眷顾我  Oh, the gods hate me.
有人丢了刀 有人丢杯子  Some people lose their knife or their mug Not me
我却丢了一条龙  I manage to lose an entire dragon.
我成功了吗?!  Oh, wow. I did it.
我真的成功了 这下一切问题都解决了  I did it. This fixes everything! Yes!
我打败了这只凶兽  I have brought down this mighty beast!
我要杀了你  龙先生  I'm going to kill you, dragon.
我要挖出你的心脏 把它拿去给我的父亲  Then I'll cut out your heart and take it to my father
我是一名维京海盗 我是维京海盗  I am a Viking. I am a Viking!
这是我做的  I did this.
希卡普  Hiccup.
爸爸  Dad...
我有话和你说  ...I have to talk to you, Dad.
我也要和你谈谈 儿子  I need to speak with you too son
是时候让你学习和龙战斗了 我不想和龙战斗  I don't want to fight dragons It's time you learn to fight dragons
什么 什么  What? What?
你先说 不 你先说  You go first No you go first
好吧  All right.
如你所愿 降龙训练 明天早上开始  You get your wish Dragon training...you start in the morning
天啊  我应该先说的  Oh, man, I should have gone first.
我在想  你知道的  I was thinking, you know,
我们有很多降龙维京人 但是  we have a surplus of dragon  fighting Vikings
我们没有足够的维京面包师 或是维京修屋工  but do we have enough bread  making Vikings or small  home  repair Vikings?
你会需要这个的  You'll need this.
我不想和龙战斗  I don't want to fight dragons.
别胡扯了 你很想的  Come on Yes you do
这么说吧  爸爸  我不能杀龙  Rephrase. Dad, I can't kill dragons.
但你一定得杀  But you will kill dragons.
不 我确定肯定以及一定我不会  No I'm really very extra  sure that I won't
是时候了 希卡普 你听不到我说的吗  It's time Hiccup Can you not hear me?
这不是开玩笑  儿子  This is serious, son.
当你拿起这把斧子 你就与我们同在  When you carry this axe you carry all of us with you
像我们一样行走 像我们一样交流  Which means you walk like us you talk like us...
像我们一样思考  ...you think like us.
不仅仅是斧子  No more of... this.
你替我决定了我的人生  You just gestured to all of me.
说定了吗 都是你的一面之词  Deal? This conversation is very one  sided
说定了吗  Deal?
说定了  Deal.
很好  Good.
努力训练  Train hard.
我会回来的  也许吧  I'll be back. Probably.
我会在这的  And I'll be here.
可能吧  Maybe.
欢迎来到驯龙场  Welcome to dragon training!
无路可退了  No turning back.
真希望狠狠烧它们  I hope I get some serious burns.
我希望我肩膀或者腰上有把大槌  I'm hoping for some mauling like on my shoulder or back
是啊 留下伤疤就有意思了  Yeah it's only fun if you get a scar out of it
可不是嘛  Yeah, no kidding, right?
伤痛  我喜欢  Pain. Love it.
这下好了  谁让他进来的?  Oh, great. Who let him in?
开始吧 表现最佳的新兵  Let's get started! The recruit who does best
将有幸在全村人面前  will win the honor of killing his first dragon
亲手屠龙  in front of the entire village.
希卡普都已经杀了一条夜煞了.这么说他失去资格还是...?  Hiccup already killed a Night Fury so does that disqualify him?
我能不能转到与真正的维京人一个班?  Can I transfer to the class with the cool Vikings?
别担心 你个子小又单薄最不容易被攻击  Don't worry. You're small and weak that'll make you less of a target
它们会以为你是病患或者疯子  They'll see you as sick or insane
转而进攻那些维京少年  and go after the more Viking  like teens instead
这扇门后面藏着不同种的龙  Behind these doors are just a few of the many species
你们要学会如何击败它们  you will learn to fight!
致命奈德龙 速度 8 护甲 16  The Deadly Nadder! Speed 8 armor 16.
凶恶双头龙  The Hideous Zippleback.
隐身11秒 可隐身两次  Plus 11 stealth. Times 2.
凶煞梦魇 喷火攻击 15  The Monstrous Nightmare Firepower 15
极度恐怖 攻击力 8 毒液附加 12  The Terrible Terror Attack 8 venom 12
能不能闭嘴  Can you stop that?!
还有巨齿龙  And the Gronckle.
下颚攻击力  8  Jaw strength 8.
等等  你不先教教我们吗  Wait, aren't you gonna teach us first?
我认为 实战出真理  I believe in learning on the job
今天是生存训练 被撞倒的话  Today is about survival If you get blasted...
就死定了  ...you're dead!
动作快 你首先最需要什么  What's the first thing you'll need?
医生? 速度值加5?  A doctor? Plus 5 speed?
盾? 盾 去拿  A shield Shields. Go!
如果在盾与剑之间选择  Your most important piece of equipment is your shield!
还是要优先选择盾 举起盾牌  If you must choose between a sword or a shield take the shield!
这是我的盾 那里还有好多盾  Let go of my shield! There are a million shields!
拿那个 上面有花 女孩子都喜欢花  Take that one. It has a flower..girls like flowers
现在这上面有血花了  Oops, this one has blood on it.
悍夫奈和暴芙奈 你俩出局了 什么  Tuffnui Ruffnut! You're out! What?
这些盾还有一个用途  Shields are good for another thing.
干扰 虚虚实实 躲开龙的攻击  Noise! Make lots of it to throw off a dragon's aim!
每条龙都有攻击次数限制  All dragons have a limited number of shots.
巨齿龙能攻击几次?  How many does a Gronckle have?
五次? 不 六次  Five? No six!
对 六次 正好你们六个  Correct six! That's one for each of you!
小鱼脚  出局  Fishlegs, out!
希卡普  躲进去  Hiccup, get in there!
我说 我搬到地窖里了.有空你该过来练习一下  I moved into my parents' basement Come by sometime and work out
你需要练习  You look like you work out.
闹腾  你出局了  Snotlout! You're done!
好像就剩我俩了  So it's just you and me, huh?
不  只有你  Nope, just you.
最后一击  One shot left!
希卡普  Hiccup!
六击结束  And that's six.
回去睡觉吧 你这头肥猪  Go back to bed you overgrown sausage!
还有机会 别担心  You'll get another chance don't you worry
记住 龙 总是...  Remember a dragon will always
无时无刻地寻求杀戮  always go for the kill.
你为什么不杀我  So... why didn't you?
这太愚蠢了  This was stupid.
你怎么不飞走  Why don't you just fly away?
雅丝翠 你今天的问题出在哪儿  All right where did Astrid go wrong in the ring today?
俯身时机不对 太草率  I mistimed my somersault dive It was sloppy
它看穿了我的翻身 我们注意到了  It threw off my reverse tumble Yeah we noticed
不 做得好 这就是你的风格  No no you were great. That was so "Astrid."
他说得对 你得坚持  She's right. You have to be tough on yourselves
希卡普的问题出在哪儿  Where did Hiccup go wrong?
他就不该来吗 他居然没被吃了  He showed up He didn't get eaten
他从来都找不准位置  He's never where he should be.
谢了 雅丝翠  Thank you Astrid.
你们得慢慢消化 驯龙图鉴 这里面包含  You need to live and breathe this stuff. The dragon manual
所有我们所知的龙的种类  Everything we know about every dragon we know of
今夜龙不会进攻 赶紧看  No attacks tonight Study up.
等等  你是说看书?  Wait, you mean read?
在有生之年?  While we're still alive?
既然能屠龙  Why read words when you can just kill the stuff
读书有何用?  the words tell you stuff about?
我读了有七遍了上面说水龙  I've read it seven times There's this water dragon
会把沸水喷射到你脸上 还说有一种龙能把自己埋上一周  that sprays boiling water at your face. And there's this other one...
听起来不错  Yeah. That sounds great.
有机会我会拜读 但现在...  There was a chance I'd read it But now
你们看吧  我找些东西试手  You guys read. I'll go kill stuff.
我们一起看吗 你看吧  So I guess we'll share? Read it
就剩我了?  好  我们...  All mine then Wow.So OK I'll see you...
明天见  ...tomorrow.
龙族分类  Dragon classifications.
攻击型 恐惧型 魔法型  Strike class.Fear class Mystery class
雷鼓龙 隐匿型龙种栖息于海蚀洞与黑色潮汐塘中  Thunderdrum. This reclusive dragon inhabits sea caves and dark tide pools
受惊吓时会发出震荡波  When startled the Thunderdrum produces a concussive sound
近距离接触会导致死亡  that can kill a man at close range.
极度危险  格杀勿论  Extremely dangerous. Kill on sight.
伐木龙.此种巨龙拥有剃刀型龙翼  Timberjack. This gigantic creature has razor  sharp wings
能将苍天大树一劈为二  that can slice through full  grown trees.
极度危险 格杀勿论  Extremely dangerous. Kill on sight.
颅骨龙 喷出沸水伤害猎物 极度危险...  Scauldron Sprays scalding water at its victim. Extremely dangerous
小丑龙 即使幼龙也能喷射酸液 格杀勿论  Changewing Even newly hatched dragons can spray acid. Kill on sight
巨齿龙  双头龙  刺龙  Gronckle. Zippleback. The Skrill.
碎骨龙  致命耳语龙  Bone Knapper. Whispering Death.
烧死猎物  活埋猎物  Burns its victims. Buries its victims.
掐死猎物 将猎物内脏取出  Chokes its victims Turns its victims inside out
极度危险 极度危险  Extremely dangerous Extremely dangerous
格杀勿论 格杀勿论 格杀勿论  Kill on sight Kill on sight Kill on sight
夜煞  Night Fury.
速度未知  体长未知  Speed unknown. Size unknown.
雷神与死神的邪恶后裔  The unholy offspring of lightning and death itself
尚无此龙数据  Never engage this dragon.
倘若遭遇 伺机隐藏 祈福保命  Your only chance: Hide and pray it does not find you
它们接近了 我可以感觉得到  I can almost smell them. They're close
把定  Steady.
开进去  Take us in.
左满舵  地狱犬之门  Hard to port. For Helheim's Gate.
左满舵  Hard to port!
那个我刚好发现书上没有关于夜煞的记载  Hey, you know, I just happened to notice the book had nothing on Night Furies
有没有其它图鉴 或者续篇或者关于夜煞的小册子  Is there another book, or a sequel? Maybe a Night Fury pamphlet?
小心 希卡普 你怎么心不在焉  Focus Hiccup! You're not even trying!
今天训练如何攻击  Today it's all about attack!
奈德龙步行时快而轻盈  Nadders are quick and light on their feet
你们必须更胜一筹才行  Your job is to be quicker and lighter!
别逼我质疑你的教学水平  I'm really beginning to question your teaching methods!
寻找它的盲点 每条龙都有盲点  Look for its blind spot! Every dragon has one
找到盲点  以此躲避  再伺机攻击  Find it, hide in it and strike!
你不洗澡的吗  Do you ever bathe?
要是不喜欢你自己来啊  If you don't like it then just get your own blind spot
我给你来一下如何  How about I give you one?
盲点 有 死穴 不多  Blind spot yes Deaf spot not so much
该怎么偷偷接近夜煞?  Hey, so, how would one sneak up on a Night Fury?
没人见过就算见到了也活不下来现...在给我进去  No one's ever met one and lived to tell the tale. Get in there!
我知道 只是假设而已...  I know I know but hypothetically...
趴下  Get down.
小心 宝贝儿 我来对付  Watch out babe I'll take care of this
阳光太刺眼了  雅丝翠  The sun was in my eyes, Astrid.
我能怎样 遮住太阳吗  What do you want me to do block out the sun?
我能做到  但现在没时间  I could do that but I don't have time!
有人见过龙打盹吗    希卡普  Has anyone ever seen one napping?
希卡普  Hiccup
战场上爱的火花  Love on the battlefield.
她能行的  She could do better.
让我来...你为什么不...  Let me... Why don't you?
漂亮  雅丝翠  Well done, Astrid.
你是在儿戏吗  Is this some kind of a joke to you?
我们迟早要接过父辈的旗帜  Our parents' war is about to become ours
想清楚你站在哪边  Figure out which side you're on.
你没牙齿吗  Toothless.
我明明记得你应该有...  I could have sworn you had...
牙齿  ...teeth.
不  不  不  No, no, no.
我...我没有鱼啦  I don't have any more!
接着它一转身 一口咬下我的手  And with one twist, he took my hand and swallowed it whole!
从它的眼神我知道 我一定很美味  I saw the look on his face I was delicious
它一定跟其它龙说过  He must have passed the word,
因为一个月内另一条龙吃了我的腿  because it wasn't a month before another one of them took my leg
你的手在龙腹中感觉不奇怪吗  Isn't it weird to think your hand was inside a dragon?
要是你的大脑依然可以控制它  Like if your mind was still in control of it
你大可从龙腹里把它宰了把龙心碾碎 或者怎么怎么的  you could have killed the dragon from inside by crushing his heart.
我发誓 我现在生气极了.我一定要为你的手脚报仇  I swear I'm so angry I'll avenge your beautiful hand and your beautiful foot
我会砍下所遇到每条龙的腿 认真的!  I'll chop off the legs of every dragon I fight, with my face
你要砍的是龙翼和龙尾  It's the wings and the tails you really want
如果它飞不了  就无路可逃  If it can't fly, it can't get away.
不能飞的龙  就是死龙一条  A downed dragon is a dead dragon.
好吧 我去睡觉了  All right I'm off to bed You should be too
你们也早点睡 明天要对付大家伙  Tomorrow we get to the big boys slowly but surely
虽然进步缓慢 但我们还是到了凶煞梦魇  making our way up to the Monstrous Nightmare
谁能有幸宰了它呢  But who'll win the honor of killing it?
肯定是我  这是命  明白吗  It's gonna be me. It's my destiny. See?
你妈同意你纹身吗  Your mom let you get a tattoo?
不是纹身  是胎记  It's not a tattoo, it's a birthmark.
你出生时我就跟你在一起怎么没看到  OK I've been stuck with you since birth and that was never there before
你没从左边看而已  Yes it was You've just never seen me from the left side
无牙仔  Hey, Toothless.
我给你带了早餐 那个 希望你有胃口  I brought breakfast I hope I hope you're hungry
好吧  这挺恶心的  OK, that's disgusting.
我带了些鲑鱼 一些美味的冰岛鳕鱼  We've got some salmon some nice Icelandic cod...
还有整条熏鳗鱼  ...and a whole smoked eel.
不要吗 好吧  No no no no no! No it's OK
好吧 我也不怎么喜欢鳗鱼  Yeah I don't really like eel much either
对了  That's it.
这样很好 忽视我的存在  That's it Just stick with the good stuff
我还是来这关心我的事  And don't you mind me I'll just be back here,minding my own business
没事的...  It's OK.
没事  OK.
搞定 不差嘛 挺有用的  That's not too bad. It works
不  不  不  No no no no no no no!
天呐 成功了  Oh my! It's working!
我做到了  Yes, yes! I did it!
今天练习团队配合  Today is about teamwork.
龙头要是被淋湿 他就不能喷火了  Now a wet dragon head can't light its fire
凶恶双头龙极度狡猾  The Hideous Zippleback is extra tricky
一个头喷气 一个头点火  One head breathes gas the other head lights it
你们要分出龙头的功能  Your job is to know which is which.
锋利的牙齿 喷射出毒液 来腐蚀食物  Razor  sharp serrated teeth that inject venom for pre  digestion
更喜欢伏击 踩碎食物  Prefers ambush attack crushing its victims...
闭嘴好吗  Will you please stop that?!
不管哪个龙头出现 我都要...  If that dragon shows either of his faces I'm gonna
在那儿  There!
是我们  白痴  Hey, it's us, idiots!
你屁股越来越挺了 我们看成龙了  Your butts are getting bigger We thought you were a dragon
那曲线看起来就像是龙屁...  Not that there's anything wrong with a dragonesque figure
等等...  Wait.
我受伤了 我很受伤  Oh I'm hurt! I am very much hurt!
生存几率微乎其微  Chances of survival are dwindling to single digits now
不是这个头  Wrong head.
小鱼脚  Fishlegs!
就是现在  希卡普  Now, Hiccup!
拜托  Oh, come on.
希卡普  Hiccup!
退后  退后  Back, back, back!
我话不说两遍 对 没错  Now don't you make me tell you again! Yes that's right
回到洞里去吧 好好反省一下  Back into your cage Now think about what you've done
那么 训练结束了吗 我还有事要去...  OK so are we done? 'Cause I've got some things I need to
那明天见  Yep I'll see you tomorrow!
你怎么做到的  I've never seen a Gronckle do that.
我把斧子留在竞技场了 你们先走 我回头再找你们  I left my axe back in the ring. You guys go on ahead I'll catch up with you
未来会会极度恐惧  Meet the Terrible Terror.
哈 这大小就好像我的...  It's like the size of my...
把它弄掉  Get it off!
好疼 疼死了  Oh I'm hurt! I am very much hurt!
他可比你强多了  Wow! He's better than you ever were.
太棒了  Oh, great.
希卡普  Hiccup.
希卡普  是你吗  Hiccup? Are you in there?
雅丝翠  嗨  Astrid Hey
雅丝翠 你好呀  Hi Astrid Hi Astrid Hi Astrid
我一般不多管别人闲事 但你的举止真是很诡异  I normally don't care what people do but you're acting weird
好吧  更诡异了  Well, weirder.
你好歹找到了巢穴吧 连影子都没有  I trust you found the nest at least? Not even close
棒极了  Excellent.
希望你这里有点好消息  I hope you had more success than me.
如果你的好消息是指身为家长不用再头痛了.那就算是吧  Well if by success, you mean that your parenting troubles are over yes
恭喜你 史图伊克 大家都松了口气  Congratulations Stoick! Everyone is so relieved!
从头到尾 焕然一新哈  Out with the old and in with the new  right?
没人会想念以前那个旧麻烦 村子要举办一场晚会来庆祝  No one will miss that nuisance! We're throwing a party to celebrate!
他不在吗  He's gone?
下午一般都不在.但这又不能怪他...我是说做一个名人可不容易啊  Most afternoons, but who can blame him? The life of a celebrity's rough.
他现在每次经过村子都被一群新粉丝围堵  He can barely walk through the village without being swarmed by his new fans.
希卡普  Hiccup?
谁会想到呢 他对付那群野兽自有一套  Who would have thought it? He has this way with the beasts
好吧 伙计 我们要飞得更慢更稳些  OK bud We're gonna take this nice and slow
走吧  走吧  Here we go. Here we go. Position...
三号  不  四号位置  ...three... no, four.
好  是时候出发了  All right, it's go time. It's go time.
加油啊  伙计  加油  Come on, buddy! Come on, buddy!
成功了  Yes, it worked!
对不起  Sorry!
是我不好  It was my fault.
我知道了啦  四号  Yeah, yeah, I'm on it Position four.
三号位置  Three.
冲啊  宝贝  Yeah! Go, baby!
太帅了 风就在我...我的小抄  Oh this is amazing! The wind in my... cheat sheet!
停下  Stop!
不  No!
我的天啊  不  Oh, gosh! Oh, gods! Oh, no!
好吧 你要自己调整角度  All right OK you've gotta kind of angle yourself.
不不不 回到下面来接我 下来...  OK no no no Come back down towards me! Come back down
不是吧  Come on.
不 谢谢 我不饿  No thanks I'm good
里面也不怎么防火吧  Not so fireproof on the inside are you?
给你  Here you go.
我们根本就不了解你们  Everything we know about you guys is wrong
爸爸 你回来了戈伯不在 那个...  Dad! You're back! Gobber's not here so...
我知道  I know.
我是来找你的 是吗  I came looking for you You did?
你瞒着我什么秘密  You've been keeping secrets.
是吗  I have?
你觉得你能瞒我多久呢  Just how long did you think you could hide it?
我  我不知道你  I don't know what you're...
无论岛上发生什么 都逃不过我的眼睛  Nothing happens on this island without me hearing about it
那么  So...
我们谈谈龙吧  ...let's talk...about that dragon.
爸爸 对不起 我是准备告诉你  Oh gods Dad I'm so sorry I was going to tell you
只是不知道该怎么...  I just didn't know how to...
你没生气吗  You're not upset?
什么  这正是我的期望  What?! I was hoping for this!
是吗 相信我一切只会更好  You were? And believe me it only gets better!
等到你第一次掏出奈德龙的内脏  Wait till you spill a Nadder's guts the first time!
第一次把巨齿龙的头挂在长矛上  And mount your first Gronckle head on a spear!
太赞了 你真让我欣慰 儿子  What a feeling! You really had me going there son!
多年来我见过的最糟糕的维京海盗  All those years of the worst Viking Berk has ever seen
欧丁神 真不容易 我差点就放弃你了  Odin it was rough I almost gave up on you
原来你一直瞒着我  And all the while you were holding out on me!
伟大的托尔雷神  Oh, Thor Almighty!
既然你在竞技场上表现出色  With you doing so well in the ring...
我们终于有话题可谈了  ...we finally have something to talk about
我带了样东西给你  Here, I brought you something
能在竞技场上保护你的安全  to keep you safe in the ring.
谢谢  Wow. Thanks.
你妈妈也希望让你戴上它这是她铠甲的一半  Your mother would have wanted you to have it It's half of her breastplate
匹配的设计 好让她更近些 知道吗  Matching set It keeps her close you know
自豪地戴上吧 你值得拥有它 你信守了承诺  Wear it proudly. You deserve it You've held up your end of the deal
我真得去睡觉了 好 不错的谈话  I should really get to bed Yes good OK good talk
那么明天家里见 好的  I'll see you back at the house Great We should do this again
谢谢你过来  Thanks for stopping by...
还有这个 帽子 我希望你喜欢 这个帽子  ...and for the breast hat I hope you like the hat
晚安  Well... Yep. Good night.
靠边站 我这次一定要赢  Stay out of my way! I'm winning this thing
好吧  请随意  Please, by all means.
这次我一定可以  This time, this time for sure!
不 你个半人半妖  No! No son of a half  troll
吃耗子的呆子 等等  等等  rat  eating munge  bucket! Wait wait
那回头见啦 别这么着急  So later Not so fast
我快迟到了.什么  I'm kind of late for..What?!
迟到个什么鬼  Late for what, exactly?
好了  安静  长老已做出了决定  Quiet down! The elder has decided.
孩子 你成功了 希卡普 你可以亲手杀死一条龙了  You've done it, Hiccup! You get to kill the dragon!
这才是我儿子  That's my boy!
耶 是啊 我都等不及了 我真是...  Yeah Yes I can't wait I am so...
走吧 我们得走了  ...leaving! We're leaving.
我们收拾行李吧 看来咱们要去旅行了  Let's pack up. Looks like you and me are taking a little vacation
永远的旅行  Forever.
搞什么?! 你在这干什么  What the?! What are you doing here?
我想知道是怎么回事  I want to know what's going on.
没有人会一下子这么出色 尤其是你  No one just gets as good as you do Especially you
快说 你是在和谁特训吗  Start talking! Are you training with someone?
特训  Training?
最好没有  It better not involve this.
我知道这看起来是很糟 但是...  I know this looks really bad but you see...
好吧 你是对的  You're right. You're right You're right
我一直在撒谎.我一直在做额外装备.好吧.被你发现了  I'm through with the lies I've been making outfits. So you got me
那就告诉大家好了 拖我回去 走吧 我们走吧  It's time everyone knew Drag me back go ahead Here we go
你为什么要这样  Why would you do that?!
这下是为那些谎话 而这下是为所有其它事  That's for the lies And that's for everything else
惨了  Oh, man.
趴下  Get down!
快跑  快跑  Run, run!
不  没事的  没事  It's OK! It's OK.
她是朋友  She's a friend.
你吓到他了  You just scared him.
反而是我吓到他了?!  I scared him?!
他是谁  Who is "him"?
雅丝翠 这是无牙仔 无牙仔 这是雅丝翠  Astrid Toothless Toothless Astrid
我们死定了  We're dead.
你这是想去哪儿  Where do you think you're going?
伟大的欧丁神  不要  这...  Oh great Odin's ghost! This is it!
希卡普  把我放下来  Hiccup, get me down from here!
那你先听我解释  You have to give me a chance to explain.
我才不要听你解释  I am not listening to anything you have to say!
那我不用说的 你只要看着就好  Then I won't speak Just let me show you
求你了  雅丝翠  Please, Astrid.
快带我下去  Now get me down.
无牙仔 下去吧  温柔点  Toothless down Gently
我说吧 没什么好怕的  See? Nothing to be afraid of.
无牙仔  Toothless!
你抽什么疯 你真不乖  What is wrong with you?! Bad dragon!
他平时不会这样 哦  不  He's not usually like this Oh no
无牙仔 你在搞什么 我们得给她留下好印象  Toothless what are you doing? We need her to like us!
好吧  他在旋转了  And now the spinning.
你根本毫无帮助 你个没用的爬虫  Thank you for nothing you useless reptile
好吧  我错了  OK, I am sorry! I'm sorry.
拜托快让我下来  Just get me off of this thing.
好吧 我承认 这真是酷  All right, I admit it This is pretty cool
真是不可思议  It's amazing.
他也是  He's amazing.
现在怎么办  So what now?
希卡普  明天就是你最后的考试  Hiccup, your final exam is tomorrow.
你心里也清楚吧  You know you'll have to kill...
你要杀死一条龙  ...kill a dragon.
不用提醒我  Don't remind me.
无牙仔  怎么了  Toothless, what's happening?
怎么回事  What is it?
低下身子  Get down!
怎么回事 我不知道  What's going on? I don't know
无牙仔 你得带我们出去 伙计  Toothless you gotta get us out of here bud
他们好像在搬运猎物  It looks like they're hauling in their kill
这跟我们有关系吗  What does that make us?
我爸爸绝不会想到是这种地方  What my dad wouldn't give to find this
我们的食物就这么被扔进洞里.看到还真是让人感到欣慰  It's satisfying to know that all of our food has been dumped down a hole
他们一点都没吃  They're not eating any of it.
那是什么东西  What is that?
好吧 伙计 我们得从这出去 马上  All right bud we got to get out of here..now!
这就说得通了 这就好像一个大蜂巢  It totally makes sense It's like a giant beehive
他们是工蜂 而那就是他们的蜂后  They're the workers and that's their queen
正是它统治着他们 我们去找你爸爸  It controls them Let's find your dad
不  不  No! No.
不 还不行 他们会杀了无牙仔  No not yet They'll kill Toothless
雅丝翠 我们得好好想一想  We have to think this through carefully
希卡普 我们刚发现了龙的巢穴  Hiccup we just discovered the dragons' nest
自从最早的一批祖先定居此地 我们便一直在寻找  the thing we've been after since Vikings first sailed here
现在你却要隐瞒不说  and you want to keep it a secret?
就为了保护你的宠物 那条龙吗 你是认真的吗  To protect your pet dragon? Are you serious?
是的  Yes.
好吧  那我们怎么办  OK. Then what do we do?
给我点时间 明天我会想法子  Just give me until tomorrow I'll figure something out
好吧  OK.
这下是因为你绑架我  That's for kidnapping me.
这下  是为了所有其它事  That's for everything else.
你看什么看  What are you looking at?
我又可以在公共场合露面了  I can show my face in public again!
要是以前有人告诉我  If someone had told me that in a few short weeks
希卡普会在短短数周内摇身一变  Hiccup would go from, well being Hiccup
成为降龙训练中的佼佼者我会把他绑在桅杆上  to placing first in dragon training well I would have tied him to a mast
再开船把他送走 因为他肯定疯得不轻  and shipped him off for fear he'd gone mad!
你们也知道  And you know it!
而此时此刻没有人比我  But here we are And no one is more surprised
更加倍感自豪与惊叹  or more proud than I am.
今天 我的儿子成长为一名真正的维京海盗  Today, my boy becomes a Viking
今天 他已成为我们其中一员  Today, he becomes one of us!
小心那条龙  Be careful with that dragon.
我担心的不是龙 你要怎么办  It's not the dragon I'm worried about What are you going to do?
了结这一切 我必须试一下  Put an end to this I have to try
雅丝翠 要是出了意外  Astrid, if something goes wrong,
确保他们不会找到无牙仔  just make sure they don't find Toothless
我会的 但你要保证不出意外  I will Just promise me it won't go wrong
是时候了 希卡普 将它们打个一败涂地  It's time Hiccup. Knock 'em dead
要我肯定选那把锤子  I would have gone for the hammer.
准备好了  I'm ready.
上吧 希卡普 给它点颜色看看  Go on Hiccup Give it to him!
他在做什么  What is he doing?
没事的  Hey, it's OK. It's OK.
我和他们不同  I'm not one of them.
他想干什么?  What's he thinking?
停止这场打斗 不  Stop the fight.No!
我要你们亲眼见证  I need you all to see this.
他们不是我们想的那样  They're not what we think they are.
我们不用非得杀了他们  We don't have to kill them.
我说停止战斗  I said, stop the fight!
让开  Out of my way!
希卡普  Hiccup!
这边  This way!
夜煞  Night Fury!
好了 无牙仔 离开这儿  Toothless, go. Get out of here.
快走  Go, go!
不 爸爸 他不会伤害你  Dad he won't hurt you!
无牙仔  住手  Toothless, stop!
不  不  No! No!
抓住它  Get him!
不 请别伤害它  No no! Please just don't hurt him!
请别伤害它  Please don't hurt him.
把它和其它龙关在一起  Put it with the others.
我早该知道 我早该看出迹象  I should have known I should have seen the signs
爸爸 我们有过约定  Dad? We had a deal!
我知道 但那时我...好吧 一切都糟透了  I know we did. That was before It's all so messed up.
竞技场的那一切...都是诡异和谎言吗  So everything in the ring a trick? A lie?
我搞砸了 我早该告诉你  I screwed up I should have told you before now I just...
是我的错 冲我发火吧 但是求你 别伤害无牙仔  Take this out on me be mad at me but please just don't hurt Toothless
那条龙吗 你担心的就是这个吗  The dragon? That's what you're worried about?
那些差点被你害死的人呢  Not the people you almost killed?
他只是在保护我 他并不危险  He was protecting me! He's not dangerous
它们杀害了无数我们的族人  They've killed hundreds of us!
但我们杀了更多他的同伴  And we've killed thousands of them!
他们只是为了自卫 仅此而已 他们袭击我们是迫不得已  They defend themselves that's all! They raid us because they have to
如果他们不带食物回去 就会被吃掉  If they don't bring enough food back they'll be eaten themselves
他们的岛上有别的东西 爸爸 有一条龙 他...  There's something else on their island. It's a dragon like...
它们的岛屿? 你去过它们的巢穴吗  Their island? So you've been to the nest?
我有说到巢穴吗 你怎么找到的?  Did I say nest? How did you find it?
不 我没有 是无牙仔带我去的  What? No I didn't Toothless did
只有龙可以找到那个岛  Only a dragon can find the island.
不 爸爸 求你了 别这样  No no no No Dad No please it's not what you think
你不了解你面对的敌人 是你前所未见的那种  You don't know what you're up against It's like nothing you've ever seen
爸爸 我保证 你赢不了它  Dad please I promise you you can't win this one!
爸爸  不要  No, Dad. No.
哪怕一次也好 你为什么就听不进去我的话呢  For once in your life would you please just listen to me?!
你和它们站在一起 你不是维京人  You've thrown your lot in with them You're not a Viking
你也不是我儿子  You're not my son.
备船  Ready the ships!
启航  Set sail!
向地狱犬之门进发  We head for Helheim's Gate.
恶魔 带我们去你的老巢吧  Lead us home, devil.
糟透了  It's a mess
你一定难受极了 你失去了所有  You must feel horrible You've lost everything
你父亲 你的部落 你最好的朋友  Your father, your tribe your best friend
谢谢你的总结  Thank you for summing that up.
我在树林里发现他时为什么不干脆杀了他  Why couldn't I have killed that dragon when I found him in the woods?
这样对大家都好 对 换作是其他人肯定这么做  Would have been better for everyone Yep The rest of us would've done it
为什么你偏偏下不了手  So why didn't you?
为什么不杀了他 我不知道  Why didn't you? I don't know
我做不到 这个不算答案  I couldn't That's not an answer
为什么 这怎么突然变得对你如此重要  Why is this so important to you all of a sudden?
因为我想记住你现在所说的话  Because I want to remember what you say right now
老天爷 我是个软弱的胆小鬼 我连条龙都不想杀  For the love of... I was a coward I was weak I wouldn't kill a dragon
你刚才说你不想杀?  You said "wouldn't".
怎么都好  我就是不想  Whatever! I wouldn't!
三百年来我是第一个不想杀龙的维京人  Three hundred years and I'm the first Viking who wouldn't kill a dragon
但也是第一个龙骑士  First one to ride one, though.
所以呢  So?
我下不了手 因为他看起来和我一样害怕  I wouldn't kill him because he looked as frightened as I was
我从他身上看到了自己  I looked at him and I saw myself
我想他现在一定很害怕 你有何打算  I bet he's really frightened now What are you going to do about it?
做一些蠢事吧 好吧 蠢事你早就做了  Probably something stupid Good but you've already done that
那就来一场疯狂的  Then something crazy.
这才像样  That's more like it.
守好位置 保持联系  Sound your positions Stay within earshot
史图伊克 我刚才有所耳闻一些船员...  Listen Stoick, I was overhearing some of the men and well some of them
对我们要去哪儿表示疑惑 当然不包括我  are wondering what it is we're up to here. Not me of course
我知道你总会计划周详  I know you're always the man with the plan. But some
但是一些除我以外的人在疑惑你是否有所计划  not me are wondering if there is in fact a plan at all
如果有 是什么计划呢 找到龙巢 击溃它  and what it might be Find the nest and take it
当然 把它们放跑  Of course. Send them running.
老海盗的后备计划 简单而有效  The old Viking fallback Nice and simple
靠边  Step aside.
驶向港口  Bear to port.
你是想要被吃了吧.我一定要和巨齿龙一起去  If you're planning on getting eaten I'd definitely go with the Gronckle
要是你脑袋灵光 就得求助世界上最致命的武器  You were wise to seek help from the world's most deadly weapon
那就是我  It's me.
我喜欢这个计划 我不...  I love this plan I didn't...
你太疯狂了 我就喜欢这点  You're crazy. I like that.
那么  是什么计划  So, what is the plan?
这可不怎么有利于士气  That's not really encouraging.
难怪一直不见船回来  I was wondering where that went.
保持低姿  备好兵器  Stay low and ready your weapons.
我们到了  We're here.
你在干什么...放松  Wait! What are you? Relax
没事的  It's OK. It's OK.
你要去哪儿  Where are you going?
得加一些东西帮你驾住龙  You'll need something to help you hold on
我们敲破山门 所有龙就会蜂拥而出  When we crack this mountain open all hell is going to break loose
好吧 幸好我带了备用的底衣  In my undies Good thing I brought extras
无论结果如何 今天要做个了断  No matter how this ends it ends today
结束了吗  Is that it?
我们胜利了  We've done it!
还没完 列阵 拉石弹弓  This isn't over! Form your ranks! Hold together!
快撤  Get clear!
我滴雷神啊...那是什么东西  Beard of Thor! What is that?!
欧丁神保佑  Odin help us.
发射石弹  Catapults!
回到船上去 不  Get to the ships! No! No!
好吧 那艘起火了 我真蠢  Smart that one I was a fool
带着大家逃到岛的远端  Lead the men to the far side of the island!
戈伯 你也一起走  Gobber, go with the men!
我要留下看着你免得你做出什么疯狂之举  I think I'll stay, in case your thinking of doing something crazy
只要我引开那个东西就能拖延一点时间 让他们逃脱  I can buy them a few minutes if I give that thing someone to hunt!
那加我一个岂不更好  Then I can double that time.
来啊 这边  Here! Oh no! Here!
跟我打  Come on! Fight me!
不 跟我打  No, me!
悍夫  暴芙  注意身后  Ruff, Tuff! Watch your backs!
跟上  小鱼脚  Move, Fishlegs!
看啊 我们骑着龙 全都骑着龙  Look at us! We're on a dragon We're on dragons! All of us!
你那顽固的维京死脑筋能想得到吗  Every bit the boar  headed stubborn Viking you ever were!
小鱼脚 上去攻击 好  Fishlegs break it down! OK.
头尾的重甲是为了猛击和废碎敌人  Heavily armored skull and tail made for bashing and crushing!
小眼大鼻孔 说明它主要依靠听力和嗅觉  Steer clear of both. Small eyes large nostrils! Relies on hearing and smell!
好 阿唠和阿脚 留在它的盲点 弄些噪音扰乱它  OK Lout Legs! Hang in its blind spot make noise keep it confused!
悍夫和暴芙 想法子找出它的死角 激怒它  Ruff Tuff, find out if it has a shot limit! Make it mad!
那是我的专长  That's my specialty!
扯吧你...地球人都知道我更会气人  Since when?! Everyone knows I'm more irritating! See
照我说的做 我尽快回来  Just do what I told you! I'll be back as soon as I can!
别担心 我们来掩护你  Don't worry! We got it covered! Yeah!
傻瓜  呆子  Troll! Butt elf!
再见 你个螺栓  Bride of Grendel!
这个东西没有死角  This thing doesn't have a blind spot!
那儿  There!
去帮他们吧  Go help the others!
好  坚持住  OK, hold on. Hold on.
起作用了 没错  It's working! Yeah, it's working!
我控制不了巨齿龙了 闹腾  别光傻看着  I've lost power on the Gronckle! Snotlout do something!
我很好  I'm OK!
好才怪  Less OK!
错不了 怎么了 伙计 眼睛里进东西了吗  I can't miss! What's wrong, buddy? Something in your eye?
你真有海盗的范儿  Yeah! You're the Viking!
爸爸  Dad?
好样的  伙计  You got it, bud.
希卡普  Hiccup!
我很抱歉...对我所做的一切  I'm sorry... for everything
是...我也是  Yeah. Me, too.
你不必去那儿  You don't have to go up there.
我们是海盗 这是职业病  We're Vikings It's an occupational hazard
儿子  我为你骄傲  I'm proud to call you my son.
谢谢  老爸  Thanks, Dad.
他来了  He's up!
去把闹腾救出来  Get Snotlout out of there.
这是我的活 我先干的  I'm on it! I'm on it first!
喂  让我来骑  Hey, let me drive!
别推我 我要把你牙敲出来  Don't push me! I'll take your teeth out!
不敢相信居然有效  I can't believe that worked!
夜煞  Night Fury!
趴下  Get down!
接到她了吗  Did you get her?
去吧  Go.
这家伙有翅膀 好吧 看看它能不能飞  That thing has wings OK let's see if it can use them!
你觉得那招有效吗  You think that did it?
它会飞  Well, he can fly.
好了 无牙仔 该消失了  OK Toothless time to disappear
上吧  伙计  Come on, bud!
来吧  Here it comes!
小心  Watch out!
好了 时间到 看看是否有效  OK time's up! Let's see if this works
来吧  你就这点能耐吗  Come on! Is that the best you can do?!
振作一点 我们真棒 再坚持一会儿  Stay with me buddy Just a bit longer
准备  无牙仔  Hold, Toothless.
就是现在  Now!
不...  No.
不  No!
希卡普  Hiccup!
儿子  Son!
希卡普  Hiccup.
儿子  Oh, son.
这都是我的错  I did this.
我...我很抱歉  Oh, son, I'm so sorry.
希卡普  Hiccup!
他还活着 你把他活着带回来了  He's alive You brought him back alive
谢谢你...救了我儿子  Thank you for saving my son.
算是救回来了吧  Well, you know... most of him.
你好  无牙仔  Hey, Toothless.
伙计 真高兴再见到你  I'm happy to see you too
我...在我的房间里  I'm in my house.
你在我的房间里  You're in my house.
我爸爸知道你在这儿吗  Does my dad know you're here?
好吧...好吧  What? OK, OK.
无牙仔  别这样  好吧  Toothless, no. No, Toothless.
好吧  谢谢你  小家伙  OK. Thanks, bud.
无牙仔 待着别动 来吧 伙计们 准备好  Toothless stay here Come on guys. Get ready!
抓紧  我们走  Hold on tight! Here we go!
什么  What?
我就知道  这不是真的吧  I knew it. I'm dead.
当然是 你干得很出色 你觉得如何  No but you gave it your best shot So what do you think?
看  是希卡普  Hey, look, it's Hiccup!
希卡普  It's Hiccup!
事实证明 我们只需做一下改变  Turns out all we needed was a little more of this
你又擅自替我决定了吗  You just gestured to all of me.
不全都是 那腿是我的杰作  Well most of you That bit's my handiwork
再加上一点希卡普的光耀 你觉得好用吗  With a little Hiccup flair thrown in You think it'll do?
看来我还得做些调节  I might make a few tweaks.
这一下  是因为你害我担心  That's for scaring me.
你以后不能总这样 因为...  What is it always going to be this way? 'Cause...
我想我能习惯  ...I could get used to it.
欢迎回家  Welcome home.
夜煞  趴下  Night Fury! Get down!
准备好了吗  You ready?
这里是博克岛  This is Berk.
一年中九个月下雪 其它三个月下冰雹  It snows nine months of the year and hails the other three
这儿生长的食物坚硬无味  Any food that grows here is tough and tasteless
这儿的人更是有过之而无不及  The people that grow here are even more so
唯一的好处就是宠物  The only upsides are the pets.
其它地方有小马或鹦鹉...  While other places have ponies or parrots...
而我们有...  ...we have...
龙  ...dragons.
