史努比之花生大电影
贝多芬  Beethoven.
莱纳斯 起床啦  Linus, time to get up.
你不想上学迟到吧  You don't want to be late for school.
快起床  Get up!
我的毯子  My blanket!
喂  Hello?
下雪啦  Snow day?
下雪啦  Snow day!
今天学校停课  No school today!
梦想真的会成真  Dreams do come true!
停课啦  No school!
富兰克林 薄荷·派蒂和我一组  Franklin and Peppermint Patty are on my team!
我带了冰球棍  I got my hockey stick!
我带了溜冰鞋  I got my skates!
谁带了冰球  Who has the pucks?
今天看上挺帅啊 皮格盆  Looking sharp today, Pigpen.
抱歉我迟了  Sorry I'm late.
为什么他那么慢  What's taking him so long?
快来啊 查理·布朗  Come on, Charlie Brown!
不行 不行 就这件了  No. Not quite. That's the one!
我带了风筝  I've got my kite!
我能感觉到 今天是放风筝的好日子  Today's the day. I can feel it!
风筝 今天  A kite? Today?
大冬天里放风筝  In the middle of winter?
来吧 伙计们  Come on, guys!
只有查理·布朗会这么做  Only Charlie Brown.
崭新的风筝 完美的微风  A new kite, a perfect breeze.
一切都是那么的合适  It all feels just right.
大树也被白雪覆盖 再也不用担心风筝挂在树上了  Now that the Kite   Eating Tree is sleeping for the winter...
我们无所畏惧  we have nothing to fear.
起飞啦  Lift off!
等等  Wait a minute.
它升空了 它在飞了  It's in the air. It's flying!
嘿 伙计们  Hey, guys!
快看 快看我成功了  Look! Look, I did it!
嘿 查理·布朗  Hey, Charlie Brown.
运气还是那么差呀  Still no luck, huh?
记住 继续下去的勇气才是最重要的  Remember, it's the courage to continue that counts!
有风筝 快闪开  Runaway kite!
抱歉  Sorry!
没有刹车  No brakes!
现在我将展示我最拿手的原地转体三圈  And now, for my famous triple Axel!
准备献出膝盖吧  Prepare to be amazed!
四圈    棒呆了  A quadruple!    Bravo!
该死的树 还是挂住了  Stupid Kite  Eating Tree.
真惨  Good grief.
你这个笨蛋  You blockhead!
我早就该知道  I should have known.
什么人  What kind of a person
会在大冬天放风筝啊  tries to fly a kite in the middle of winter?
你就不知道什么时候该放弃吗  Don't you ever know when to give up?
你永远不可能让风筝飞起来的  You will never get that kite to fly.
为什么 因为你是查理·布朗  Why? Because you're Charlie Brown!
谢谢 莱纳斯  Thanks, Linus.
听着 查理·布朗  Listen, Charlie Brown.
无视我妹妹露西说的话  Ignoring what my sister Lucy
才有了今天这么成功的我  says has enabled me to make it this far in life.
有你这个好朋友 夫复何求  What would I do without a good friend like you?
哦 我的甜心巴布  Aw, my Sweet Babboo!
他真是萌翻了  Isn't he the cutest thing?
小心点 赛尔  Careful, sir!
小心我的卷发  Watch the curls!
我不在乎露西说了什么  I don't care what Lucy says.
或许我以前放风筝遇到过很多困难  I may have had troubles in the past flying a kite...
我也从来没有赢过棒球赛  and I may have never won a baseball game...
但这不是因为我没有努力  but it's not for the lack of trying.
我的投球技术一定会进步的  My pitching has to improve
只要我每天都来练习  if I come out here to my trusty mound every day.
查理·布朗永不放弃  Charlie Brown is not a quitter.
第九局下半场 二出局  Bottom of the 9th. Two outs.
这里三振出局的话 投手立马就会成为英雄  A strike   out here would make the pitcher an instant hero.
这一投至关重要  It all comes down to this one pitch.
让我们看看 你能不能接住我的快球  Let's see if you can handle my fastball.
第一号投球 名为热火  Ol' Number One. The Heater.
棕色子弹  The Brown Bullet.
这个冬天肯定很长  It's going to be a long winter.
有人要搬到我家对面了  Someone's moving in across the street from me?
嘿 伙计们 快看 有一个新来的孩子搬过来了  Hey, gang, look! There's a new kid moving in!
哥哥 振作一点  Big brother, pull yourself together!
快点 查理·布朗  Come on, Charlie Brown!
别挡着我  Get out of the way!
嘿伙计们  Hey, guys.
你们看见了什么 那是谁  What do you see? Who is it?
我好像看到了钢琴 希望他喜欢贝多芬  I think I see a piano! I hope he loves Beethoven!
贝多芬 史密多芬  Beethoven, Schmeethoven.
或许他会欣赏我天生的美貌  Maybe he will appreciate my natural beauty.
谁在乎那个  Who cares about that?
只要是个比马西强的守门员就行了  As long as he's a better goalie than Marcie.
长官 你伤到我了  You're hurting me, sir.
抱歉 但我说的是实话  I'm sorry, but it's true.
不是说这个 你扯着我头发了  No, you're pulling on my hair!
我希望他像大南瓜一样开放  I just hope he'll have an open mind about the Great Pumpkin.
我觉得他们有个烤面包机  I think they have a toaster!
我只希望 这个新来的孩子没听说过我  I just hope this new kid has never heard of me.
他不知道我以前那些不完美的事迹  He would know nothing of my past imperfections.
一个人能不带黑历史  It's not often you get the
从头再来的机会可不多  opportunity to start over with a clean slate.
这一次 一切都会不一样  This time, things will be different.
他做的  He did it!
史努比  Snoopy...
为什么我尝试的每一件事都会失败呢  why is it that everything I try turns out wrong?
有时候我在想 孩子们是不是真的喜欢我  Sometimes I wonder if the kids really like me.
或许那新来的孩子可以像你一样 看见真正的我  Maybe that new kid will see me for who I really am, like you.
狗狗不会给你建议或者评价你  A dog doesn't try to give advice or judge you.
他们只是真心爱着你这个人  They just love you for who you are.
有一个能坐着聆听你的人真好  It's nice to have someone that will just sit and listen to you.
人类最好的朋友  Man's best friend.
你不能来学校 史努比  You can't come to school, Snoopy.
做个好狗狗 快点回家  Now be a good dog and go home.
狗狗不得入内  No dogs allowed!
我好像看到新来的孩子了  I think I saw the new kid.
你有看见那个搬家卡车吗  Did you see that moving truck arrive?
你认为那会是谁  Who do you suppose it will be?
新来的孩子来了  The new kid is coming!
不是新来的孩子  That's not the new kid.
嘿 查理·布朗  Hey, Charlie Brown.
早上好 莱纳斯 你手里拿着什么  Good morning, Linus. What do you have there?
今天轮到我做才艺展示了  It's my turn for show and tell today.
这和曼弗雷德·冯·里奇特霍芬 开过的飞机是一样的  This is the same plane flown by Manfred von Richthofen.
谁  Who?
红男爵 一战最有名的飞行员  The Red Baron. The most famous aviator during The Great War.
这不是真的吧  It's not real, is it?
我的自然卷发  My naturally curly hair!
快趴下 莱纳斯  Duck, Linus!
是 奥斯马小姐  Yes, Miss Othmar.
长官  Sir?
长官  Sir.
长官  Sir!
二 不对 三  Two! No, three!
有没有接近正确答案  Was I close?
还没开始上课呢 长官  Class hasn't started yet, sir.
什么 新来的孩子要到我们班来  What? The new kid is joining our class.
她看上去不像个守门员  She doesn't look like a goalie to me.
哇 她真漂亮  Wow! She's pretty.
也没那么漂亮吧  She's not that pretty.
莱纳斯 她看了我一眼  Linus. She looked at me!
怎么又是年度标准考试啊  Not the yearly standardized test again!
老师 这个考试真的能  Ma'am, will this test accurately
反映出我们在这学到的知识吗  reflect the knowledge we have gained here?
这样公平吗 我们还这么小就  Is it fair we, at this young age...
好的 老师  Yes, ma'am.
谢谢  Thanks.
第一题 如果你有六个红色的西红柿和  Question 1. "If you had 6 red tomatoes and..."
红色  Red.
拜托 集中精力  Come on, focus.
第一印象决定一切  First impressions are everything.
狗狗不得入内  No dogs!
这就做完了  Already done?
她肯定很聪明  She must be smart.
上面有牙印  It's got teeth marks.
她和我一样啃铅笔  She nibbles on her pencil like I do.
我们有共同点了  We have something in common!
就剩一分钟了  One minute left?
别挡着我 查理  Out of my way, Chuck!
写上我们的名字 好的 老师  Write our names? Yes, ma'am.
查理 你是不是想牵我的手  Chuck, are you trying to hold my hand?
你真狡猾  You sly dog.
嗨 我是布朗·查理  Hi, I'm Brown Charlie.
我是说 巴尼·克朗  I mean, "Barnie Clown."
我是说  I mean...
你为什么来这  What are you in for?
你有没有过 那种无法停止微笑的冲动  Have you ever had that feeling when you can't stop smiling?
心脏在胸腔里狂跳  Your heart pounds inside your chest?
想站起来 但膝盖是软的  You try to stand but your knees become weak?
然后那个红发小女孩看了你一眼  And then that Little Red   Haired Girl glances at you.
瞬间人生一切都变得有可能  And all of life's possibilities become so clear.
然后你意识到  And then you realize...
她根本不知道你的存在  she has no idea you're alive.
我为什么在这  Why am I here?
因为我实在太没用了  Because I just came down with a serious case of inadequacy.
她过来了  Here she comes.
这是我给她留下好印象的机会  This is my chance to make a good impression.
还是明天吧  Maybe tomorrow.
那是一个下着暴风雨的夜晚  It was a dark and stormy night.
在法国郊区的高空中  High above the French countryside...
一战王牌飞行员从未  the World War I Flying Ace had never been so close...
离他的死敌这么近过  to his lifelong enemy...
他就是著名的红男爵  the infamous Red Baron.
关键是要低调  The key is keeping a low profile.
现在 我们先保持距离  For now, we just keep our distance.
史努比  Snoopy!
别  No!
刚才真险  That was a close one.
如果我有胆子能走到那儿 我就  If I could only work up the nerve to go over there, I'd...
哥哥你在看什么  What are you looking at, big brother?
你疯了吗  Are you crazy?
你恋爱了  You're in love!
第一章 这是史上最棒的爱情故事  Chapter 1. It was the greatest love story ever told.
她的名字叫菲菲  Her name was Fifi.
她是他见过最美的事物  She was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen.
我简直不敢相信 我要和红发小女孩说话了  I can't believe I'm about to talk to the Little Red   Haired Girl.
这种时候最需要忠诚朋友的陪伴  It's moments like this when you need your faithful friend.
没错  Yep.
这种时候如果  If there's one person you
想要一个人陪伴在你的身边  want by your side at a moment like this...
那就是你忠实的狗狗  it's your loyal dog.
你好  Hello?
她说 你好  She said, "Hello"!
查理·布朗  Charlie Brown!
你怎么这么晚才来这里  What brings you out here so late in the day?
我需要有关女孩的建议 露西  I need your advice on girls, Lucy.
你是个女孩 对吧  You're a girl, right?
假设有这么个女孩 我想给她留个好印象  Let's just say there's this girl I'd like to impress.
但她很棒 而我什么都不是  But she's something and I'm nothing.
如果我很棒她什么都不是的话 我就可以和她说话了  If I were something and she was nothing, I could talk to her.
或者 如果她和我都什么都不是的话 我也可以和她说话  Or, if she was nothing and I was nothing, I could talk to her.
但是她很棒而我什么都不是 所以我不能和她说话  But she's something and I'm nothing, so I just can't talk to her.
你很荒谬 查理·布朗  You're being ridiculous, Charlie Brown.
为什么 你优点也很多啊  Why, you have much to offer.
她的脸很好看 好看的脸让我紧张  She has a pretty face and pretty faces make me nervous.
脸好看 脸好看  Pretty face? Pretty face?
我的脸也很好看啊  I have a pretty face!
为什么我的脸就不能让你紧张呢  How come my face doesn't make you nervous?
怎么你就能和我说话呢 查理·布朗  How come you can talk to me, Charlie Brown?
我只是想知道如何才能赢得她的芳心  I just need to know the secret to winning her heart.
看着这面镜子 查理·布朗  Look into this mirror, Charlie Brown.
这是张失败的脸 典型的失败的脸  This is the face of failure. A classic failure face.
你觉得女孩子们喜欢失败吗 查理·布朗  Do you think girls like failures, Charlie Brown?
额 不喜欢  Well, no.
女孩子们喜欢那些成功人士  Girls want someone with proven success.
你赢过什么奖吗  Have you won any awards?
比如说国会荣誉勋章啦 或者诺贝尔和平奖啦  Like a Congressional Medal of Honor? Or a Nobel Peace Prize?
你有房产吗  What are your real estate holdings?
你有多元化投资组合吗  Do you have a diversified portfolio?
让我告诉你个小秘密吧 查理·布朗  Let me let you in on a little secret, Charlie Brown.
如果你真的想给女孩留下好印象  If you really want to impress girls,
你需要向她们展示 你是个成功者  you need to show them you're a winner.
成功者 我  A winner? Me?
露西 你大概说对了  Lucy, you may be on to something.
当然 当我说你的时候  Of course, when I say "You,"
你知道我指的不是你这个人  You know I don't mean you personally.
这次咨询五分钱  That will be five cents, please.
五分钱 五分钱 五分钱 这声音多好听  Nickels, nickels, nickels. What a beautiful sound.
恭喜 你现在正在成为成功者  "Congratulations. You're now on your way to becoming a winner."
第一步 忘掉你对自己的所有认知  "Step 1. Forget everything you ever knew about yourself."
好的 第二步  Okay. "Step 2."
充满自信  "Project confidence."
不要弯腰驼背  "Don't slouch."
一直保持眼神接触  "Maintain eye contact at all times."
呀哈  Yeehaw!
驾 小马儿  Giddy   up, little pony!
呀哈  Yeehaw!
你在干什么呢  What are you doing?
我要在才艺展示上做个牛仔明星  I'm going to be a rodeo star in the big talent show.
等我赢得了第一名奖牌后  When I win that first   prize ribbon...
所有人都会知道这个名字  there will be no one who hasn't heard the name...
萨莉·布朗和她忠实的座驾 扫帚  Sally Brown and her trusty horse, Broomstick!
赢得才艺展示 那可是个很棒的主意  Win the talent show. Now that's a great idea.
这刚好就是露西说过的  This is just what Lucy was talking about.
嗒哒  Ta   da!
我们准备好了  We're ready.
看看那个  Look at that.
那是查理·布朗吗  Is that Charlie Brown?
她在这里  She's here.
我有一种很棒的预感  I have a really good feeling
今晚她会看到一个新的查理·布朗  that tonight she will see the new Charlie Brown.
查理·布朗 作为你的心理医生  Charlie Brown? As your psychiatrist,
我很惊讶在这儿看到你  I'm surprised to see you here.
像你这样没有安全感的人  A person with all your
一般是不会来参加才艺比赛的  insecurities normally wouldn't enter a talent show.
我  I'm...
我真该揍你  I ought to slug you!
我竟然被狗狗亲了 我染上了狗细菌  I've been kissed by a dog! I have dog germs!
给我热水 给我消毒剂 给我碘酒  Get hot water! Get some disinfectant! Get some iodine!
让我们快点继续吧 时间不等人呐  Let's keep this thing moving. Time's a   wasting.
谢谢  Thank you!
祝你好运 查理  Break a leg, Chuck!
好好对你的助手 查尔斯  Treat your assistant kindly, Charles.
好了 萨莉 我们落后了 快点 别慢吞吞的  Okay, Sally, we're running behind, so gallop, don't trot!
大家把掌声留到最后吧  Save the applause for the end, everyone.
如果你喜欢现在的表演 那返场会更棒  If you like this, wait for the encore!
你妹妹的表演真是无聊死了  Your sister is really dying out there.
嘿 那又不是真的马  Hey, that's not a real horse!
抱歉查理·布朗 这节目时间够长了  Sorry, Charlie Brown. This has gone on long enough.
放下幕布  Drop the curtain!
别放 她说过她有个精彩的结尾  Don't do that. She said she has a big finish.
好吧 不是你演就是她演 但不能两个都上  Well, it's either your act or hers. We can't hold forever.
计划改变 史努比  Change of plans, Snoopy.
哥哥  Big brother?
用绳子套我  Rope me.
那又不是真的牛  That's not a real cow.
我会逮到你的  I'm gonna get you!
抱歉 长官  Sorry, sir.
干的不错  Good one.
哦 施罗德  Oh, Schroeder...
小狗你可以逃 但你可逃不开我的手掌心  You can run, little dogie, but you can't hide!
这感觉真棒  This is going great!
我叫卡拉米蒂·萨莉  My name is Calamity Sally...
是这座城市驯马套牛最厉害的女牛仔  the best bronc  busting, lasso  roping cowgirl in this here town!
谢谢你 哥哥  Thanks, big brother.
哞  "Moo"?
反正没人看校报啦  Nobody reads the school paper anyhow.
往好的方面想 查理·布朗  Look on the bright side, Charlie Brown.
常言道 提高知名度总是好的  They say there's no such thing as bad publicity.
你说的对 莱纳斯 她现在绝对知道我是谁了  You're right, Linus. She definitely knows who I am now.
你要知道 查理·布朗 如果你那么喜欢她  You know, Charlie Brown, if you like her so much...
为什么不走上去做个自我介绍呢？  why not just walk up to her and introduce yourself?
在我昨晚出尽洋相之后？  After the complete fool I made out of myself last night?
呵 我还不如上天呢  Yeah, and why don't I just fly to the moon?
哦 天啊 她在和她们说话  Oh, brother. She's talking to them?
想必不会有新的开始了  So much for a fresh start.
没时间了  Time is running out.
第六步  "Number 6."
告诉你自己 我很棒 我能做到  "Tell yourself, 'I am worthy. I can do this."
我有成功所要的条件  "'I have what it takes.'"
喂  Hello?
你女朋友打来的  Your girlfriend's on the phone.
喂    喂 查理  Hello?    Hey, Chuck.
我是薄荷·派蒂  This is Peppermint Patty.
你最近怎么样    哦 我  How have you been?    Well, I...
听着 我有一个好消息  Listen, I have some great news for you, Chuck.
离冬季舞会还有几周  The Winter Dance is in a few weeks...
我给你留了一个名额  and I'm saving a dance for you.
总之 玛茜让我负责点心  Anyway, Marcie put me in charge of the refreshment committee.
我就决定 让你去做茶杯蛋糕了  I took it upon myself and signed you up to make the cupcakes.
什么 我不会做茶杯蛋糕啊  You did what? I can't cook cupcakes.
我唯一会做的料理就是吐司面包  The only thing I do know how to make is toast.
再说 我为什么要想去冬季舞会啊  Besides, why would I even want to go to the Winter Dance?
吐司面包和茶杯蛋糕 听上去不错 查克  Toast and cupcakes! That sounds good, Chuck.
到时候见  See you there.
等等 我说  Hold on. I said...
喂 喂  Hello? Hello?
真糟  Rats.
嘿 怎么了  Hey! What's going on?
小点声  Turn it down!
小点声啦  Turn it down in there!
她喜欢跳舞  She likes to dance.
一 二 三 四  One, two, three, four.
一 二 三 四  One, two, three, four.
我可以要一个舞伴了  I could really use a dance partner.
祝你好运  Good luck with that.
一 二 三 四  One, two, three, four.
好了 史努比 我已经学会基础部分了  Okay, Snoopy, I got the basics down.
但如果我要赢的话 我必须更厉害些  But if I'm going to win, I need to step it up.
一 二 三 四  One, two, three, four.
我能看见结果了  I can see it now.
冠军已经出来了  We have our winners!
让我们向这对  Let us applaud them as they
起舞的国标舞冠军鼓掌  begin the traditional dance of the champions!
史努比  Snoopy!
谢谢你的帮助 我在你的狗粮盆里放了些饼干  Thanks for the help. I left some cookies in your dog dish.
一 二 三 四  One, two, three, four.
一 二 三  One, two, three...
知道吗 我一直都想和皮格盆跳舞  You know, I've always wanted to dance with Pigpen.
恶心  Yuck!
怎么没有人跳舞 这可是舞会啊  Why isn't anyone dancing? It's called a dance.
哦 甜心巴布    哦不 她来了  Oh, Sweet Babboo!    Oh, no, here she comes!
得有人让这舞会开始    不  Someone needs to get this dance started.    No!
要我说的话 这些蛋糕看上去不错  These cupcakes don't look half bad, if I do say so myself.
这次我准备充分  This time I've come totally prepared.
多亏了你的帮忙  I couldn't have done it without you.
以前的查理·布朗大概还  The old Charlie Brown would
正躺在床上闹胃痛  still be lying in bed with a stomachache.
天啊  Good grief.
玛茜 快看 大家都在这儿  Marcie, look! Everyone's here!
让我来帮你 玛茜  Let me help you with that, Marcie.
你真是个绅士 查尔斯  Such a gentleman, Charles.
她在这儿  She's here.
好了 女士们  Okay, ladies.
是时候展现你们最棒的舞步了  It's time for you to show off your best move.
你们中到底谁会赢得  Which one of you will win
这次舞会的冠军之一  the first half of our dance competition...
并将奖杯抱回家呢  and take home the trophy?
让他们听听  Let them hear it!
动作不错  Nice moves.
听听这欢呼  Listen to that noise!
我想我们已经知道 冠军是谁了  I think it's safe to say we know who our winner is!
她赢了  She won.
现在轮到先生们了  And now, it's the gentlemen's turn...
看看谁会和我们可爱的冠军小姐  to see who will be joining our lovely winning lady...
一起来跳 今晚最后一支舞呢  for the final dance of the night.
我得去那边  I got to get out there.
你们准备好了吗 开始吧  Are you guys ready? Then here we go!
就是现在了  This is it.
机不可失 时不再来  It's now or never.
看看那大鼻子搞笑男孩的舞姿  Check out the moves on that funny   looking kid with the big nose!
哦 真棒  Yeah! All right!
好的 就像你练习的那样 记住步伐  Okay, just like you practiced. Remember the steps.
一 二 三 四  One, two, three, four.
一 二 三  One, two, three...
查理·布朗  Charlie Brown?
真棒  All right!
看起来我们已经有冠军了  It looks like we may have a winner here!
要成功了  It's going to happen.
我就要和红发小女孩跳舞了  I'm about to dance with the Little Red   Haired Girl.
快离开这儿  Let's get out of here!
我认识你吗  Do I know you?
等等 还没结束呢  Wait! It's not over yet.
谢谢你 伙计  Thanks, buddy.
史努比 我讨厌这么说  I hate to say it, Snoopy...
好像我越努力 她就离我越远  it seems like the harder I try, the further away she gets.
王牌飞行员飞向空中  The Flying Ace took to the skies.
他不停地寻找着他心仪的那个女孩  He searched endlessly for the girl who had stolen his heart.
光做白日梦可不会让她现身 查理·布朗  Daydreaming will not make her materialize, Charlie Brown.
她不在这儿  She's not here.
我 白日梦  Daydreaming? Me?
她周一的时候会回来  She'll be back on Monday.
我听说她回到东部  I heard she went back east to
去照顾她生病的奶奶了  take care of her grandmother, who isn't feeling well.
她看上去就像那种  She seems like the kind
会做这些事的人  of person who would do that sort of thing.
怎么又是读书报告啊  Not another book report!
到挑搭档的时候了  Time to pick our partners.
不要男孩 不要男孩  No boys. No boys.
拜托  Please...
派蒂 太好了  Patty! Yes!
真棒  All right!
不行  Nope.
就它了  Yes.
施罗德  Schroeder!
你可不能否定 你的名字在卡上写着呢  There's no denying it. It was written in the cards.
红发小女孩 我的幸运日！  The Little Red   Haired Girl. My lucky day!
这改变了一切 她会看到全新的我  This changes everything. She will see the new me.
我们会一起赢得金色星星  And together we will win the gold star!
之后 一切皆有可能  After that, anything is possible!
我们可以做第一对登月的小孩  We could be the first kids to land on the moon!
小孩的一小步  One small step for kids...
是查理·布朗的一大步  one giant leap for Charlie Brown.
你必须得帮帮我 莱纳斯  You've got to help me, Linus.
我不确定我是否能胜任  I'm not sure I can handle
红发小女孩的搭档  being partners with the Little Red   Haired Girl.
我得缓缓  I need to slow things down.
或许我还没有做好 认真恋爱的准备  Maybe I'm not ready for a serious relationship.
我应该怎么支持她  How will I support her?
我还不起房贷 都存第三方托管如何？  I can't afford a mortgage. What if I'm put into escrow?
查理·布朗 你真荒谬  Charlie Brown, you're being ridiculous.
你是我见过的唯一一个  You're the only person I
把简单的读书报告  know who can turn a simple book report...
变成毕生承诺的人  into a lifelong commitment.
我从来没有负责过任何事  I've never been responsible for anything before.
这可能是她碰上最糟糕的事了  This could be the worst thing that's ever happened to her!
莱纳斯 打我一拳  Linus, it just hit me.
我想我知道 如何变成她的英雄了  I think I know how to become her hero.
在她离开 去照顾她奶奶的时候  While she's away taking care of her grandmother...
我来完成我们俩的读书报告  I could complete the book report for the two of us.
这是一种办法 但如果你想要我的建议  That's one way to go, but if you want my advice...
他们在贴考试成绩 快来  They're posting the test scores. Come on.
看啊 先生 有人考了满分  Look. Someone got a perfect score, sir.
考满分的肯定是天才  You would have to be a genius to get a perfect score.
我都不知道有考满分的可能    是他  I didn't know that was even possible.    It's him!
他来了  Here he comes!
还没有人考过满分呢  No one in the world has ever gotten 100 before.
满分  A perfect score?
我 这不可能  Me? This can't be right.
不 查理·布朗 看 真的是你考了满分  No, Charlie Brown, look. You really do have a perfect score.
我听说吃花生酱对大脑好  I have heard peanut butter is brain food.
干的不错 查克  Nice job, Chuck, old boy.
我就知道你有这能力 查尔斯  I always knew you had it in you, Charles.
这不可能  This can't be right!
别挡着我  Out of my way!
满分先生 查理·布朗  Mr. Perfect, Charlie Brown?
肯定是打错了  It must be a typo!
我不相信 我不会相信  I don't believe it. I won't believe it!
我要求重新算分  I demand a recount!
下午好 员工和学生们  Good afternoon, students and staff.
我们有一个特殊的通知  We have a special announcement.
周一早上将会有一个全校晨会  There will be an all   school assembly Monday morning...
来庆祝我们卓越的查理·布朗同学  to celebrate our illustrious classmate, Charlie Brown...
在标准考试中取得了满分  who achieved a perfect score on the standardized test.
让开 天才要过来了  Make way. Genius coming through!
我下周有一个科学作业要交  I have a science project due next week.
你能告诉我些你的想法吗  Can you give me your thoughts?
嘿 是我先看到他的  Hey, I saw him first!
他们说你是天才 你能读我的心吗  They say you're a genius. Can you read my mind?
嘿 离他远点  Hey, leave him alone!
就是 离他远点  Yeah, leave him alone!
好了 查理·布朗  Now, Charlie Brown, as far
关于读书报告你有什么建议吗  as the book report goes, what would you suggest?
嗯 一本经典总是不会错的  Well, you can never go wrong if you stick with the classics.
漫画书？我以为经典书必须得是硬皮的呢  A comic book? I thought classics had to have hard covers.
天 我们简直太傻了  Boy, do we feel stupid now.
你们快看看这个 多么棒的现代艺术作品  Will you look at this. What a contemporary piece.
看看他对空间的利用  Notice his use of space.
你们都疯了吗  Have you all lost your minds?
哇  Wow.
你有所谓的不理性的恐惧  You have what is referred to as an "Irrational fear."
嘿 小鬼 你以为你在干吗  Hey, kid! What do you think you're doing?
追随伟人的脚步  Following in the footsteps of greatness.
快突破重围  Breakaway!
射门 查理·布朗 射门  Shoot it, Charlie Brown! Shoot it!
真会利用角度 查尔斯  Nice use of angles there, Charles.
好了 查理·布朗  All right, Charlie Brown!
没有灯 圣诞老人怎么才能找到我们的房子啊  But how is Santa ever going to find our house without lights?
这就是一切的开始  And this is where it all began.
作为一个青年 他在这把椅子上静坐与沉思  As a youth, he passed many hours just sitting in that chair...
度过了无数的时光  keeping his deep thoughts to himself.
这里是他早期用来  And here we have his early kites,
研究空气动力学的风筝  used in many aerodynamic studies.
哇  Wow.
幸运的话 我们能在卧室见到他  If we're lucky, we'll see him in his natural habitat.
这里就是他的床  And this is his actual bed where
他躺在这里思考人生  he lies and ponders life's greatest questions.
嘿 你们在干什么  Hey! What are you doing?
我在用你的名气赚钱  I'm cashing in on your celebrity.
你能给我签个名吗  Can I have your autograph?
今天的才艺展示  And for show and tell today...
是我的哥哥  my big brother!
我都好久没见你了  I haven't seen you in a while.
我的整个生活都变了 莱纳斯  My whole life has changed, Linus.
突然之间 所有的人都想和我做朋友  All of a sudden, everyone wants to be my friend...
但实际上 我并没有变  and yet, I haven't really changed.
他们是真的喜欢我 还是喜欢他们眼中的我？  Do they like me for who I am, or for who they think I am?
是他 查理·布朗 我的象棋队需要他  There he is! Charlie Brown, I need you on my chess team!
他的时间可不能浪费在无意义的游戏上 他得和我走  He's got no time for meaningless games. He's coming with me.
录音  Roll sound!
速度    开拍  Speed.    And, action!
你有时间帮我  Do you have time to help
写读书报告吗 周一要交  me write my book report? It's due on Monday.
周一交 读书报告周一交  Monday? The report is due on Monday?
她周一就要回来 我还没开始写呢  She's back on Monday! I haven't even started yet!
有人知道玛茜在哪儿吗  Does anyone know where Marcie is?
他在和薄荷·派蒂滑冰  She went skating with Peppermint Patty.
布朗先生 布朗先生  Mr. Brown. Mr. Brown!
我的独家专访呢  What about my exclusive?
卡  Cut.
我们可以写《哈克贝利·费恩历险记》  There's Huckleberry Finn...
《麦田里的守望者》  Catcher in the Rye.
赛尔 我在这儿坐了好几个小时了  Sir, I've been sitting here for hours.
这些都是有史以来最好的书 选一本吧  These are the greatest books of all time. Please just pick one!
让我考虑一晚上 玛茜  Let me sleep on it, Marcie.
没有一晚上的时间了 赛尔 周一要交的  There's no time for sleeping, sir. It's due Monday.
我的搭档认为《白鲸记》是个冰棍球选手  Just my luck to get a partner
碰上这样的搭档 我真三生有幸  that thinks Moby Dick was a hockey player.
玛茜 你要去哪儿  Marcie? Where are you going?
嘿 查理 老男孩  Hey, Chuck, old boy.
什么风把你吹来了  What brings you down here?
我在找玛茜  I'm looking for Marcie.
我需要她的建议  I need some advice.
不会打曲线球 还是劲射力度不够大  Curveball not working for you? Slap shot not strong enough?
不 这些我都没问题  No, I'm good with all that.
我需要和玛茜聊聊  I need to talk to Marcie
如何找到有史以来最棒的书  about finding the greatest book of all time.
我可以帮到你 查理  I just might be able to help you there, Chuck.
玛茜只会念一张很长的书单  Marcie just read up a long list of great novels.
《哈克拉贝利啥啥记》 《派的守望者》  Huckleberry   something, Catcher with a Pie.
但她说过有史以来最棒的书  But, she said the greatest book of all time...
叫《里奥的玩具店》  is called Leo's Toy Store...
是一个叫沃伦·皮斯的老头子写的  by some old guy called Warren... Piece.
《里奥的玩具店》  Leo's Toy Store.
对的 就是那本书 查理  Yup. That's the one, Chuck.
多谢你的建议  Thanks for the tip.
祝你成功 查理  Love that hustle, Chuck!
有人知道 在哪儿能找到《里奥的玩具店》吗  Does anyone know where I can find Leo's Toy Store?
《里奥的玩具店》  Leo's Toy Store.
不是  Nope.
不是 不是 不是  No. No. No.
在哪儿  Where is it?
他去了成人区  He's going into the grown   up's section.
那合法吗  Is that legal?
查尔斯 我从来没在这儿看到过你  Charles? I've never seen you in here before.
玛茜 多谢上帝我找到了你  Marcie, thank goodness I found you.
你能帮我找找《里奥的玩具店》吗  Can you help me find a copy of Leo's Toy Store?
你刚说《里奥的玩具店》  Did you say "Leo's Toy Store"?
是的 薄荷·派蒂告诉我 你说那是最棒的  Yeah. Peppermint Patty told me you said it was the greatest...
够了 查尔斯 跟我来  Stop right there, Charles. Come with me.
这就是你要找的  This is what you're looking for.
列夫·托尔斯泰的《战争与和平》  Leo Tolstoy's War and Peace.
额 这战争打了多久  Yikes. How long was this war?
你确定这是你要读的书吗  Are you sure that is the book you want to read?
我可要提醒你了 查尔斯  Might I remind you, Charles,
这个周末 你就得完成读书报告  you only have the weekend to complete your report.
如果我要赢得金色星星 就得读这本书  I have to if I'm going to win that gold star.
我没事  I'm okay.
这书真厚  Big book.
聪明鬼 你要怎么把它带回家  How are you gonna get it home, smarty   pants?
还真挺聪明  Pretty smart.
我刚在说什么  What am I saying?
老好人查理·布朗  Good ol' Charlie Brown.
一个将有所成的男孩  Now there's a guy who's going places.
多谢  Thanks.
大惊喜  Surprise!
生日快乐  Happy Birthday!
谁邀请的他  Who invited him?
《战争与和平》 第一页  War and Peace. Page one.
啊 公爵 热那亚和  "Eh bien, mon prince, so Genoa..."
嘿 查理·布朗 快出来玩  Hey, Charlie Brown, come out and play!
抱歉 伙计们  Sorry, guys.
谁在周末看书啊    反正我不会  Who reads a book on the weekend?    Not me.
好了 我读到哪儿了  Okay. Where was I?
从指挥官那儿夺来一匹马 他又累又饿  "Took a horse from a commander, and hungry and weary..."
步枪开火的声音 从远处传来  "...and the musketry fire sounded far away..."
安德烈王子思考着 伟大中的平凡  "Prince Andrei mused on the unimportance of greatness..."
没人能理解的 生命中平凡的部分  "Unimportance of life, which no one could understand..."
昨天 还有前天  "And there was yesterday, and there was the day before..."
好了 演出结束了 清场  Okay, show's over. Clear it out.
有深夜演出吗  Will there be a late show?
并且承认我们感觉不出的依赖性  "And to recognize a dependence we do not feel."
完  "The end."
我做到了  I did it.
一切都理清了  It's all coming together now.
好的 这是我关于《战争与和平》的读书报告  Okay. This is my book report about War and Peace.
一 二 三 四 五 六 七 八 九  1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
首先 爆发了战争  First there was war.
然后 迎来了和平  Then there was peace.
十 十一 十二 十三 十四 十五 十六 十七  10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17.
还有九百八十三个字  Only 983 words to go.
真糟  Rats!
没用的  This is no use.
我根本不像他们想的那样聪明  I'm just not as smart as they think I am.
我不能让她失望  I can't let her down.
还有时间 你能做到  There's still time. You can do this.
你现在不能放弃她  You can't give up on her now.
九九八 九九九  998, 999...
一千 写完啦  1000. Finished.
哥哥 醒醒  Wake up, big brother!
今天有场庆祝你满分的晨会  Today's the big assembly to celebrate your perfect score.
快来看  Come see!
你又想干什么  What are you up to now?
既然现在你是个名人了 我们得快点行动  Now that you're a big celebrity, we have to move fast.
我有衬衫 帽子 马克杯和更多别的  I have shirts, hats, mugs, and more.
才智带来的名气  The fame that comes with
很快就会消失  intellectual superiority can be very fleeting.
得抓紧时机赚钱  You have to cash in while you can.
今天是我们的大日子呢 哥哥  Today is going to be a big day for us, big brother.
谢谢 欢迎下次再来  Thank you. Come again soon.
这都是为你办的 查理·布朗 你真的做到了  This is all for you, Charlie Brown. You've really made it.
终于要实现了  It's going to happen.
她终于会因为我的出色而注意我了  She's finally going to notice me for doing something great.
查理·布朗  Charlie Brown.
你个笨蛋 我讨厌承认  I hate to admit it, you blockhead...
但舆论让我相信  but public opinion leads me to believe,
可能这么多年以来  that after all these years...
我对你的看法可能有误  I may have been wrong about you.
这对我来说可不容易  This is not easy for me!
我的整个世界观都颠覆了  My whole world has turned upside   down!
现在有请查理·布朗上台  Can I please have Charlie Brown come to the stage?
很荣幸向大家展示  It is my pleasure to present to you today...
今年标准考试的  this award for the highest
最佳成就奖  achievement in this year's standardized testing.
先让我们听听校方声明  But before I do, the school proclamation.
今天 鉴于你坚持用  "On this day, whereas you
最高学术标准要求自己  have upheld the highest of academic standards.
并且有点出人意料  "And whereas no one would have ever expected that of you."
鉴于你是第一个取得满分的人  "And whereas you are the first to ever receive a perfect score."
所以 我们决定将今天命名为  "Therefore, be it resolved
查理·布朗日  that today is declared Charlie Brown Day."
署名 奥斯玛小姐  "Signed, Miss Othmar."
那是我哥哥  That's my big brother!
怎么样 查理·布朗 你现在是学校的明星了  How about that, Charlie Brown? You're the star of the school now!
恭喜 查理  Congratulations, Charles.
给你 你的满分考卷  Let me present you with your perfect test.
哦 不 我肯定把名字写错卷子了  Oh, no. I must have signed the wrong paper.
首先 我想说 感谢你们所有人的支持  Before I begin, I'd like to thank all of you for your support.
你们都是那么的善良  You have all been so kind.
我并不常得到这样的肯定  It's not often that I get this sort of recognition.
但是  But...
这中间有一个错误  there's been a mistake.
这不是我的卷子  This is not my test.
我就知道  I knew it!
所以 我不能接受这份荣誉  Therefore, I cannot accept this honor.
哥哥和妹妹能离婚么  Can a brother and sister get a divorce?
我想这是薄荷·派蒂的卷子 她才是真的天才  I think this belongs to Peppermint Patty. She's the real genius.
你刚才的做法很令人钦佩 查理·布朗  That was a very admirable thing you just did, Charlie Brown.
上一秒我还是英雄 下一秒我就是狗熊  One moment I'm the hero, the next I'm the goat.
或许交了你的读书报告后  Maybe things will go your
你的好日子又会来  way again after you hand in your book report.
我不确定  I'm not so sure.
我熬夜写了一晚上  I was up all night working
现在一个字都想不起来了  on it and I can't remember a single word.
我敢肯定不像你想的那样糟啦 查理·布朗  Surely it's not as bad as you think, Charlie Brown.
让我看看你写了什么  Let me see what you wrote.
查理·布朗 你对这本  Charlie Brown, the insight you
晦涩难懂的小说 见解独到  bring to such a complex novel is beyond reproach.
有这样高质量的读书报告  You two are sure to win the
你们两个肯定会赢得金色星星的  gold star with a book report of this quality.
读书报告  Book report?
我们有读书报告的作业吗  Were we supposed to do a book report?
嗨 因为你不是走了嘛  Hi. In light of the fact that you were away...
查理·布朗决定  Charlie Brown took it upon
自己完成你们俩的读书报告  himself to complete the report for the both of you.
我必须说 这是我读过最好的  And I must say, this is one of the finest bits...
文学解读  of literary analysis I have ever read.
不 不 不  No, no, no!
哦 太惨了  Oh, good grief.
或许我们能补好它  Maybe we can fix it?
第四章 诅咒你 红伯爵  Chapter 4. Curse you, Red Baron!
王牌飞行员穿过敌人营地 深入敌后  The Flying Ace set out across the hostile countryside undeterred.
每当我感到孤独的时候  Whenever I feel really alone,
我就会坐着仰望星空  I just sit and stare into the night sky.
我总认为漫天繁星中 有一颗是属于我的  I've always thought that one of those stars was my star...
像这样的时刻  and at moments like this,
我知道有一颗星星会永远陪伴我  I know that my star will always be there for me.
仿佛在用温柔的声音安慰我说 别放弃 孩子  Like a comforting voice saying, "Don't give up, kid."
王牌飞行员要拯救菲菲  The Flying Ace had to return to the aerodrome...
他必须回到停机坪  if he was ever to rescue Fifi.
嘿  Hey.
等我的暗示  Wait for my cue.
如果我们要成功 就必须掐好时间  Timing is crucial if we're going to succeed.
他们想不到我们会来  They'll never expect us.
看好我 等我信号  Eyes on me and wait for my signal.
圣诞时刻  Christmas time is here.
幸福祥和  Happiness and cheer.
查理 你家的疯狗又在到处乱跑了  Yeah, Chuck, your crazy dog is over here again.
你好 先生 你有没有放过风筝  Excuse me, mister. Have you ever flown a kite?
额 事实上 我虽然想说  Well, actually, let me just say that...
我有多年的放风筝经验 但我  I have years of experience with kites, but I...
那太好了  That's great!
哦 好吧  Oh! Well, okay.
事实上 不是每个人都能放风筝  The thing is, flying a kite isn't for everyone.
只有特定的人能  It takes a certain type of person.
因为有时候这真的很挫败  It can be frustrating at times.
他们就好像自己长了脑袋  They tend to have a mind of their own.
但只要你有决心 肯下工夫 你就能成功  But with determination and dedication, you can make it happen.
真的吗  Really?
来 你握着这根线 摆好脚  Here. You hold the string. Plant your feet.
重心向前 膝盖弯曲  Weight forward. Knees bent.
背挺直 头抬起来  Back straight. Head up.
记住 简单就好  And remember, keep it simple.
好  Okay.
当我说跑 你就拼命跑  When I say "Go," Run as fast as you can.
跑哪边 先生  Which way, mister?
那边 现在 跑  That way. Now, go!
史努比 我希望那小家伙不会泄气  I hope the little guy doesn't get discouraged, Snoopy.
他并不清楚这有多难  He doesn't quite know how difficult this will be.
他可能需要几年的时间 才能达到我的水平  It may take him years to gain my level of experience.
这不是一下就能成  It doesn't just happen over   ...
呜呼 它飞起来了  Woo   hoo! It's flying!
哇  Wow!
谢谢你 先生 你真的很懂风筝  Thanks, mister. You sure know your kites.
你想试试吗  Do you want to try?
你可以做到的  You can do it!
别放弃  Don't give up!
第七章 永不放弃  Chapter 7. Never give up!
王牌飞行员知道  The Flying Ace knew this would
这可能是他救出挚爱的最后机会  be the last chance to save the love of his life.
王牌飞行员带着他的此生挚爱  The Flying Ace returned
回到了停机坪  to the aerodrome with the love of his life.
他是个凯旋而归的英雄  He returned a hero.
因此 我们的英雄认为  "And so, as our hero observed..."
终有一日 他命中注定会再遇上著名的红伯爵  "He was destined to face the infamous Red Baron another day."
狗狗会开飞机  A dog that flies?
这是我看过最蠢的东西了  This is the dumbest thing I have ever read!
我染上了狗细菌  I got dog germs!
快来 查理·布朗  Come on, Charlie Brown!
今天是特殊的日子 就这件了  Today calls for something special. Here we go.
嘿 伙计们  Hey, guys.
今天是上学的最后一天了  It's the last day of school!
哥哥 你能相信吗  Well, big brother, can you believe it?
没有阅读 写作 算术 再也不用学习啦  No more reading, writing, arithmetic. No more learning ever!
你在说什么呢  What are you talking about?
这只是暑假的开始  This is just the start of summer vacation.
你还有八年的基础教育  You have eight more years of grammar school.
四年的高中  Four more years of high school.
八年    还有四年的大学  Eight...    Plus four more years of college.
加上四年 再加上四年  Plus four. Add the one to an extra four...
超过三十七年都得上学啊  That's over 37 years of school!
我那时候都又老又秃了  I'll be bald and wrinkly by then.
看那个  Look at that!
那是史努比吗  Is that Snoopy?
真幸运  Lucky.
大家听着  Okay, everyone, listen up.
我知道今天是最后一天上学  I know this is the last day of school...
但我们离开前  But first, before we leave...
得先选出  we need to finish picking our
暑假的笔友  partners for this year's summer pen  pal project.
我来念名字 想做他搭档的人就站起来  When I draw a name, stand if you want to be their partner.
开始吧 这个名字是 皮格盆  Here we go. The next name is... Pigpen!
我来 一点泥土有益无害  I will. A little dirt never hurt anyone.
施罗德  Schroeder.
我愿意  I do!
我是说 我来  I mean, I will.
查理·布朗  Charlie Brown.
我来  I will.
她要来吗  She will?
暑假咯  Summer time!
嗨  Hi!
查理·布朗 你去哪儿了  Charlie Brown, where have you been?
今天是暑假的第一天  It's the first day of summer.
你应该去和别人玩  You should be down there having fun with everyone else.
莱纳斯 我没法儿不去想  I can't stop thinking about it, Linus.
她眼见了我今年出过那么多的丑  After all the humiliating disasters she witnessed this year...
为什么还是愿意选我  why would she choose me?
她是不是可怜我  Was she feeling sorry for me?
我可不想她  I don't want her to choose
因为可怜我才选我  me just because she was feeling sorry for me.
我还是有点自尊的  I have slightly more dignity than that.
查理·布朗  Charlie Brown...
没准是因为你是个好人  it might be time to consider the wild possibility...
大家都喜欢你  that you're a good person and that people like you.
但是 你知道 你永远都不会知道答案 除非  But, you know, you'll never really know the answer, unless...
除非我过去和她说话  I just go up and talk to her!
我从一开始就该听你的  I should've listened to you all along!
哦 查尔斯 我是说 查理·布朗  Oh! "Charles." I mean, "Charlie Brown."
她不在  She's not here?
她要去夏令营了  On her way to summer camp?
巴士还没离开学校  So the bus hasn't left school yet?
但马上就要走了  But it's about to leave?
啊 对了 见到你很高兴 女士  And, by the way, it was a pleasure to meet you, ma'am.
查理·布朗  Charlie Brown!
你个笨蛋  You blockhead!
好吧  All right!
我该怎么离开这儿  How do I get out of here?
整个世界都好像都在和我作对  The whole world seems to be conspiring against me.
我这辈子第一次需要个小小的帮助  I'm just asking for a little help for once in my life.
滚开  Get out of here!
怎么你也和我作对  Not you, too!
嘿 快看 是查理·布朗  Hey look, it's Charlie Brown!
查理·布朗的风筝飞起来了  Charlie Brown is flying a kite?
查理·布朗的风筝飞起来啦  Charlie Brown is flying a kite!
哇 查理让风筝飞起来啦  Wow! Chuck's got a kite in the air.
干得漂亮 查理  Way to go, Charles!
查理·布朗做到了 他的风筝飞起来了  Charlie Brown is really doing it! He's flying a kite!
哦 嗨 查理·布朗  Oh, hi, Charlie Brown.
你记得我的名字  You remembered my name?
我当然记得  Of course I did.
你离开之前 我有点事想知道  Before you leave, there's something I really need to know.
为什么全班那么多孩子中  Why, out of all the kids in our class,
你想做我的搭档  would you want to be partners with me?
这很简单  That's easy.
因为我看得出来 你是什么样的人  Because I've seen the type of person you are.
一个无聊又缺乏安全感的失败者  An insecure, wishy   washy failure?
那根本不是你  That's not who you are at all.
我喜欢你在你妹妹才艺秀上  I like the compassion you
显露出的同情心  showed for your sister at the talent show.
晨会上你的诚实  The honesty you had at the assembly.
还有舞会上 你又勇敢 又有趣  And at the dance, you were brave, and funny.
还有你为我做的  And what you did for me...
我不在时为我写读书报告 那真的很贴心  doing the book report while I was away, was so sweet of you.
所以我看见你时 根本不觉得你是个失败者  So when I look at you, I don't see a failure at all.
你拥有所有我所钦佩的特质  You have all the qualities that I admire.
抱歉 我得走了  Sorry, I have to go now.
等等  Wait.
我想这个是你的  I think this belongs to you.
谢谢 我找它找遍了  Thank you. I've been looking everywhere for this!
我会给你写信的 笔友  I'll write to you, pen   pal.
再见  Bye!
他还好吗  Is he okay?
现在做查理·布朗的感觉一定很爽  It must feel pretty great being Charlie Brown right about now.
你做到了  You did it.
干的不错 查理  Nice job, Chuck.
干得不错 查理  Good job, Charles!
嘿 哥哥  Hey, big brother!
做你的妹妹 我很自豪  I'm proud to be your little sister.
别挡着我  Out of my way!
你个笨蛋 我真得告诉你些事  I really need to tell you something, you blockhead.
你果然充满惊喜  You're still full of surprises.
老好人 查理·布朗  Good ol' Charlie Brown!
查理·布朗  Charlie Brown.
哦 查理·布朗  Oh, Charlie Brown.
我按着橄榄球 你来踢  I'll hold the football and you kick it.
你说你会按着球 但你其实  You say you'll hold it, but what you really mean is...
会把球挪开  you'll pull it away,
然后我会摔个四脚朝天 痛得要死  and I'll land on my back and I'll kill myself.
但我真的重新认识了你  But I feel I have really come to know you.
我意识到你善良  I now understand that you are kind,
幽默 勇敢 又有同情心  compassionate, brave, and funny.
没有人会把球  No one would pull a football
从这么优秀的人脚下挪开  away from a person with all those qualities.
她是对的  She's right.
我就不会把球  I would never pull the ball
从这么优秀的人脚下挪开  away from someone with all those qualities.
我要把球踢到月亮上去  I'm gonna kick this ball all the way to the moon.
还有 你很好骗 我忘了说 你很好骗  And gullible. I forgot to mention "Gullible."
来一圈啤酒 敬我们的英雄 王牌飞行员  A round of root beers for our hero, the Flying Ace!
