赛车蜗牛
世界三大汽车赛事之一 简称印第500
让我们回到印第安纳波利斯  And we're back at the final stretch of
500英里大赛的角逐现场  the Indianapolis 500.
盖·加涅正在逐步超越  Guy Gagné is gaining on the pack.
这位年轻的法裔加拿大人  The young French Canadian
在印第赛车场的处子秀  is making quite an impression
就来了个惊艳登场  in his debut here at the Motor Speedway.
看了这么多年赛车  In all my years of racing,
我还从未见过如此具有天赋的赛车手  I've never seen a driver with this much raw talent.
但这是谁  But what's this?
突然杀出一匹黑马紧逼着加涅  Out of nowhere, a dark horse is challenging Gagné.
他极速猛冲  He's gaining on the pack.
抢入了直道  And down the front stretch.
升到第四 第三 现在冲到了第二  Moving into fourth position... third... Now, second!
驶到外圈 冲向终点  Going to the outside as they cross the bricks!
看来最终的冠军是 特搏  And it looks like the winner is Turbo!
太精彩了 难以置信  Amazing! Unbelievable!
即时重放 再播一次慢动作  Instant replay. Again, in super slo  mo.
欢迎回来 赛车迷们  Welcome back, race fans.
我们将要采访的是尹第新秀盖·加涅  We're here with Indy's brightest new star, Guy Gagné.
告诉大家 盖  Tell us, Guy,
你为什么会成为一名赛车手  what inspired you to become a race driver?
你知道的 丹  You know, Dan,
总会有那么一件事让你欢欣鼓舞  everybody's got that one thing that makes them happy.
对我来说 那就是风驰电掣的速度  And for me, it's terrifying, terrifying blazing speed.
盖  Guy!
请一个一个来    西奥  One at a time, please.    Theo!
好 请后面那位帅哥先说  Yes, the handsome fellow in the back.
你在做什么  What are you doing?
老样子 全神贯注跑比赛  What I've always done. Stay focused, try to run my race.
赛车手都这样 下一个问题  That's all any driver can do. Next question.
拜托 你能不能回去睡觉  Can you please go to sleep?
我们明天还得工作呢  We've got work tomorrow.
睡觉 有没有搞错  Sleep? Are you kidding me?
赢了这么重要的比赛 我还激动着呢  It takes hours to come down after a big race like this.
是 当然 好吧  Yeah, I bet. Okay.
他们是我冲刺的动力  They are the fuel that keeps me running!
盖 当你初出茅庐的时候  Guy, when you were just a rookie starting out in the Indy Lights,
是否梦想过有朝一日能登上冠军奖台  did you ever dream that you'd be standing here today?
当然 父亲总是教导我  Well, as my dear father always told me,
没有遥不可及的梦想 小人物也有  "No dream is too big, and no dreamer
逐梦的权利    逐梦的权利  "Too small."    Too small.
快去睡觉  Sleep!
起跑线
集中精力 全神贯注  Head in the game. Head in the game.
太棒了 17分钟 新纪录  Yes! Seventeen minutes! That's a new record!
西奥  Theo!
早上好  Good morning.
出发 伙计们 别落下  Let's go, people! Pick it up!
特搏 准备超车  Turbo, ready to make his move.
你看到了吗 她竟然挡我  Did you see that? She cut me off!
赛车欢乐多啊  The joys of racing.
怎么会有人不去欣赏  How could anyone not see the appeal of watching a bunch of cars,
一堆车绕好几个小时的圈圈呢  drive around in circles for hours on end?
左转 再左转 又左转  Left turn! Left turn! Left turn!
你的愚昧无知真让人悲哀  Your ignorance saddens me to no end.
左转 我还要做些什么呢  Left turn! "What do I do here?
对了 还是左转  Oh, no, wait a minute. Left turn!"
早上好 切特  Morning, Chet!
最近怎么样 莎莉  How's it going, Sally?
早上好 切特    早上好 菲尔  Morning, Chet.    Morning, Phil.
真是不幸  Well, that's a shame.
美好的菜园工作周又开始了  And so begins another wonderful work week at the plant.
伙计们 今天要收获很多西红柿  All right, people, we got a lot of tomatoes to harvest today.
我们要采摘 分类 还要吃掉它们  We got to pick them, we got to sort them, we got to eat them.
但最重要的是 我们要保证  But most importantly, we got to be
安全  Safe.
没错 就爱听这句  Yes! Music to my ears.
快看她  Look at her.
曲线优美  Nice curves.
你这个秀色可餐的女神  You are one giant, juicy temptress.
大红美  Big Red.
指日可待  Any day now.
何年何月  Any day now.
熟过头的  Overripe!
熟过头的  Overripe!
熟过头的  Overripe!
不  Oh, no.
来吧  Here we go.
再试试  Bring it on.
这次休想  Not this time.
赛手们已于起跑线准备就绪  And the cars are at the starting line.
加涅排在首发位置  Gagné's in the top pole position,
驾驶印有一号标识的烂熟西红柿  driving his trademark number one overripe tomato.
他旁边的是跃跃欲试的新人 特搏  Next to him is that feisty young upstart, Turbo.
先生们 启动引擎  Gentlemen, start your engines.
加涅领先 拐过第一个弯道  Gagné rolls into the lead around the first turn
特搏紧随其后驶向直道  with Turbo hot on his tail into the straightaway.
他又开始意淫了  Hey, there he goes again.
最后冲刺 观众们沸腾了  And down the homestretch, the crowd goes wild!
加油 特搏  Go, Turbo!
他们难分轩轾  They're neck and neck!
加涅 特搏 特搏 加涅  Gagné, Turbo! Turbo, Gagné!
看来冠军是...    特搏 特搏 特搏  And it looks like the winner is...    Turbo! Turbo! Turbo!
好险  So close!
几乎同时越线  It's a photo finish!
熟过头的  Overripe!
好了 好了 别闹了  All right, all right, knock it off.
劝劝你弟弟 切特 要不我来说  Talk to your brother, Chet. Or I will.
我会去的 卡尔  I'm on it, Carl.
下不为例  This will not happen again.
以前也这么说  Heard that before.
好吧  Okay.
开饭喽  That's lunch!
你这是自作自受 知道吗  You do this to yourself, you know.
瞧瞧你  I mean, look at you.
他们怎么可能不取笑你  How could they not make fun of you?
你本身就是个笑话  It's like you're almost forcing them.
如果你不去想那些赛车什么的  If you'd just quit it with the speed stuff...
我做不到  I can't help it.
那是我的天性  It's in me.
不 才不是什么天性  No. It is not "In" You.
谁说的  Says who?
大自然 我们的母亲  Nature. Mother Nature.
听说过她吧  Maybe you've heard of her?
她赋予我们的天性不是速度 西奥  We all have our limitations, Theo.
你就是个行动迟缓的悲剧  And the sooner you accept the dull,
愈早接受这个事实  miserable reality of your existence,
才会变得更加幸福  the happier you'll be.
你还真是会说话啊  Wow. Aren't you just a little ray of sunshine?
当心 蜗牛杀手 两点钟方向  Heads up! Shell crusher, two o'clock!
大家注意 按照预演的做  All right, people, you know the drill.
缩壳快滚  Tuck and roll!
缩不进去 我缩不进去  Can't tuck. I can't tuck!
西奥 缩壳快滚  Theo, tuck and roll!
以前就说过 我就不缩壳快滚  We've been over this. I don't tuck and roll.
你背着壳是有原因的 缩进去  You have a shell for a reason. Use it.
缩你的  You use it.
拜托 他都没看这边  I mean, come on, he's not even looking this way.
喂 喝果汁那个 好车啊  Hey, Juice Box, nice tricycle!
听见我说什么了吗  You see what I'm saying?
好了 躲得好  All right, good hustle.
大家都躲得很好  Good hustle, everybody!
除了你  Almost everybody.
下班时间  Quitting time!
晚安 吉姆 晚安 莎莉  Good night, Jim! Night, Sally!
晚安 史蒂夫 我不知道你叫什么  Night, Steve! I don't know your name.
我先走了 再见  I'm out of here! Bye!
您现在收看的是《追风竞速》栏目  You're watching Fast!
由激动饮料赞助播出  Sponsored by Adrenalode!
激动 在犹他和南达科塔州暂不合法  Adrenalode, not legal in Utah and South Dakota.
请不要在24小时内  Do not exceed more than
连续饮用超过两灌激动  two cans of Adrenalode in a 24  hour period.
请将激动远离火 水 和沙土  Do not expose Adrenalode to flame, or to water, or to sand.
没错  Yes!
口感爽爆了  That tastes awesome.
欢迎回到"直击印第安纳波利斯"专题报道  Welcome back to The Road to Indianapolis.
我身边的是印第五连冠  I'm here with five  time Indy champ,
传奇车手盖·加涅  the legendary Guy Gagné!
我爱你 盖  I love you, Guy!
告诉大家 盖 对那些可能  Tell us, Guy, do you have any advice
在家中电视机前的未来赛车手  for the future racers out there
你有什么建议呢  who might be watching at home right now?
天啊 说我呢 说我呢  Oh, my gosh. That's me, that's me.
每一场角逐  Well, there comes a time in every race
都会有这么个关键瞬间  when a driver is forced to make that one,
车手不得不做出抉择  key, split  second decision.
是减速退守 还是勇往直前  Fall behind, or push ahead.
勇往直前  Push ahead!
是铤而走险 放手一搏  To take a chance and risk it all,
还是稳扎稳打 甘于失败  or play it safe and suffer defeat.
放手一搏 盖  Risk it all, Guy!
但真正使冠军区别于普通车手的  But what really separates the racers from the champions
快说  Yes!
唯一一点  that one thing that
使你卓尔不群的  separates the ordinary from the extraordinary
是什么  What is it?
那就是...  That one thing is...
不  No!
不 别这样  No, you didn't!
不 不 不 不 不  No! No! No! No! No!
快回来 电视  Come back to me, TV!
只有做到...    管用了  Only you have your finger on the...    It's working!
早上好 鲍勃    早上好 莎莉  Morning, Bob.    Morning, Sally.
早上好 史蒂夫  Morning, Steve.
早...  Morning...
其实 这是好事  You know, this is good.
是啊 好事  Yes, this is good.
我觉得这是个重大进展  I daresay we've had a breakthrough, here.
电视没了 你终于可以走出车库  With that TV gone, you can finally get out of that garage
忘掉那些关于赛车的鬼话  and put all that racing nonsense behind you.
然后呢  And do what?
享受你的真实生活啊  Start living your life.
我有自己的生活吗  I have a life?
大红美  Big Red?
大红美  Big Red!
缩不进去 我缩不进去  I can't tuck. I can't tuck!
太棒了    终于熟了  Yes!    Finally!
太好了 我们可以一饱口福  All right, let's chow down!
大家慢着  Hit the brakes, people.
今天是剪草日  It's Gardener Day.
你们就这样放弃了  You're quitting? Just like that?
撑死胆大的 饿死胆小的  Hey, nothing ventured, nothing gained.
你们这样是不对的  That's a bad thing.
每一场角逐  "There comes a time in every race
都会有这么个关键瞬间  when a driver is forced to make that one,
车手不得不做出抉择  key, split  second decision."
他说什么  What did he just say?
是铤而走险 放手一搏  "Take a chance and risk it all,
还是稳扎稳打 甘于失败  or play it safe and suffer defeat."
好了 别疯言疯语了 西奥  Okay, enough with the crazy talk, Theo.
离草坪远点 回去工作  Just step away from the grass and get back to work.
西奥  Theo!
赛手们已于起跑线准备就绪  And the cars are at the starting line.
先生们 启动引擎  Gentlemen, start your engines.
特搏
凶残割草机
又一次 特搏处于领先  And once again, it's Turbo out front.
没有遥不可及的梦想  No dream is too big.
驶入快车道 就在终点线  In the high lane! At the stripe!
看来冠军是  And it looks like the winner is...
缩壳快滚 西奥 缩壳快滚  Tuck and roll, Theo! Tuck and roll!
不  No!
你疯了吗  Are you insane?
你差点就没命了  You could've gotten yourself killed!
西奥 你到底在想什么  Theo, what were you thinking?
我以为我能冲过去  I thought I could get there.
你什么时候才能清醒些  When are you gonna wake up?
许个愿  I wish...
我希望我能  I wish I was...
好险  That was close.
不  Oh, no.
太棒了  Yeah!
不不 加油 加速  No, no, no! Come on! Faster!
氧化亚氮
不 不 不  No, no, no!
又怎么了  What happened?
干什么 滚开  Hey, hey, hey! Get out of here!
我没死 没死  Not dead! Not dead!
真是熏死我了  It reeks in here.
简直就像裹着一只臭袜子  It's like wearing a hat made out of feet.
总算到家了  Home.
很好  All right.
我没事  I'm okay.
有点不对劲  That's peculiar.
我这是怎么了  Okay, what's happening to me?
怎么回事 是我身上的  What? That's me!
拜托 别响了  Come on! Stop it!
安静 安静  Quiet, quiet!
别响了 别响了 别响了  Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!
欢迎大家出席月度安全大会  Welcome, everyone, to this monthly safety meeting.
杰里就这么走了  Well, there goes Jerry.
现在有请切特讲话  I'm going to hand things over to Chet, now,
他要申明一些重要的安全新措施  who has some important new policies to go over.
非常感谢 卡尔 大家下午好  Thank you very much, Carl. Good afternoon, everyone.
很高兴为大家解读新"错"施  I'm happy to "Poli  see" You all here today.
好吧 我先宣布几条激动人心的消息  Okay. I would like to begin with some very exciting news.
最新数据已经统计出来了  The latest figures are in.
意外砸伤事件下降了十五个百分点  Accidental smashes were down 15 percent.
做得好 大家伙  Well done, team.
摇滚的节奏很棘手  It's tricky to rock a rhyme
配合正确的时间 正确的打奏  To rock a rhyme that's right on time
非常棘手 十分棘手 相当棘手  It's tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky tricky
你现在收听的是调频98.6动感嘻哈  Yo, yo! You're listening to 98.6 where hip  hop... beats.
乐坛传奇人物汤姆·琼斯的《风流绅士》
总算消停了  Finally.
怎么搞的  What in the...
救命啊  Help!
停下 停下 停下  Stop! Stop, stop!
妈妈  Mom!
棒极了  Yeah!
不  Oh, no!
为了准备防范乌鸦宣传周  And so, in preparation for Crow Awareness Week,
我宣布  I'd just like to say...
缩壳快滚  Tuck and roll!
不 我没开玩笑 缩壳快滚  No, I'm not kidding! Tuck and roll!
小心  Look out!
我承认  Granted, yes,
我承认存货遭到了一点点的破坏  I admit that there's been a wee bit of damage to inventory, here,
但请你们听我解释  but if you'd just let me explain...
开除  You're fired!
息怒 卡尔 再给他一次机会吧  Whoa, okay, Carl, if you just give him one more chance,
我保证他再也不...  I promise that this will never, ever...
没听懂是不 你们被开除了  You don't understand. You're fired.
你们 是复数 你俩  "You," Plural. Youse.
你和他 两个都是  Y'all. Both of you!
切特 我很抱歉  Chet. I'm so sorry.
请相信我 我不是故意的  You have to believe me, I didn't mean for this to...
我这一生  All my life.
我这一生都在护着你 罩着你  All my life, I've defended you, covered for you,
和你坐一条船 还替你背黑锅  stood up for you, apologized for you,
结果落得如此下场  and this is what I get in return.
被你的破船一起拖下水  Dragged down with you on your sinking ship.
还附送漂亮又舒适的船上躺椅 西奥  A nice, comfy deck chair on the S.S. Theo!
真有你的 船长  Aye  aye, Captain!
我真的很抱歉  I'm really sorry.
你脑子有毛病吗  What is wrong with you?
我不知道 我只记得那天晚上  I don't know. All I know is, the other night,
我站在101公路天桥上 突然阴风四起  I'm standing above the 101, and all of a sudden...
没叫你答 听不出那是个反问句吗  It was a rhetorical question!
切特  Chet!
救命 怎么到处都在转动  Help! The world is moving!
借过  Coming through!
这一定是在做梦 我随时都会醒来的  Okay, I'm gonna wake up any minute now.
醒醒 快醒醒  Wake up! Wake up!
切特  Chet?
别激动 伙计们 不是来真的吧  Easy now, fellas. You really don't wanna do this.
切特  Chet!
墨西哥玉米卷零售
我死了吗 我在天堂吗  Am I dead? Is this heaven?
天堂应该...  I pictured it
更干净才对  cleaner.
快点 起来  Come on, get up.
西奥 你也被乌鸦吃掉了  Theo. The crows got you, too.
什么 没有 切特  What? No, Chet,
不是乌鸦 而是  it wasn't the crows. It was...
看看这地方  Look at this place.
碎玻璃 锈铁钉    深呼吸  Broken glass, rusty nails.    Breathe.
破盐罐子    别紧张  Discarded salt packets!    A few, yeah.
这里简直是雷区  It's like a minefield out here.
不要 我得了破伤风 破伤风啊  Oh, no. I've got tetanus. I've got tetanus.
破伤风特征性表现  牙关都闭紧了  My jaw is locking up.
切特 冷静点 没必要慌张  Chet, will you calm down? There is no reason to panic.
一切都在控制中  Everything's gonna be just fine.
看看是谁来了 晚上好 小家伙们  Well, well, well. Buenas noches, little amigos.
今天真是好运气  This must be my lucky day.
喂 是我提托  Hola. It's Tito.
告诉大家我会带来的  Hey, tell everyone I'm bringing it.
哥俩好卷饼店
这是什么地方  What is this place?
哈 哈 哈  Well, well, well.
你们最好还是报警吧  Somebody better call the cops,
因为我可要大杀四方啦  because I'm about to make a killing.
大杀什么  Killing?
他又带来了什么货色  What'd he drag in this time?
鞭索一定会生吞活剥他们  Whiplash is going to eat them up.
这会是一场屠杀  It's gonna be a slaughter.
板上钉 俎上肉  Mm  hmm, dead meat.
我们要死了 我们要挂了  We're gonna die. We're gonna die.
快点 动作利索点  Come on, come on. Now, hurry up.
你离家有点远了吧 乡下蜗牛  A little far from home aren't you, garden snail?
我看有人吓得尿裤子了  Hey, I think we got a crier here.
快点开始吧  Let's do this!
我赢定了 要的就是这感觉  I got this one! Oh, I got this one!
来吧 看我发威  Come on! This is me!
逃跑时间 西奥  Time to go, Theo.
各就各位  Ready
预备  Set
跑  Go!
看 它完了  Look. He dead.
卷饼哥找了只傻蜗牛  Taco Man found dead snail.
那是啥  What?
快闪  Run!
我的神啊  Santa Maria!
你刚才说你叫什么来着  What did you say your name was again?
我的大名是 特搏  My name is Turbo.
我真想改个名字  I wish I could rename myself.
你在哪儿找到他的  Where did you find him?
你怎么做到的  How did he do that?
你从哪儿来的  Where did you come from?
喂 你到底怎么做到的  Hey, how'd you do that?
西奥 借一步说话  Theo. A word, please.
那个 刚才真是  Okay, that was
帅呆了 是吧  Amazing, right?
我还会更炫的招数 看这个  If you think that's something, check this out.
把它关掉  Turn it off!
错打了远光灯 抱歉  Sorry. High beams. Sorry.
咦 还有这玩意儿  That's a new one.
没事的 放心 西奥 你要挺住  It's okay, it's okay, Theo. Just hang in there.
等我们一到家 就把你治好  As soon as we get home, we're gonna get you fixed.
什么 我才不需要治疗  What? I don't need to be fixed.
我又没出什么问题 切特  There's nothing wrong with me, Chet.
没什么问题 你已经  Nothing wrong with you? Well, you're
变成个怪物了  You're a freak of nature.
我知道 那不是很棒吗  I know, I know! Isn't it great?
西奥  Theo!
意为涡轮增压机  不瞒你说 我更喜欢特搏这个名字  You know what? I prefer "Turbo."
不管你是从哪个实验室逃出来的  I don't know what crazy lab you escaped from
你可帅呆了 小伙伴 酷毙了  but you're amazing, Little Amigo. Amazing!
提托  Tito!
稍等一下  One second, please.
看到那商标了吗 写的什么  Do you see that sign? What does it say?
安杰洛  Angelo
写的是 哥俩好卷饼  It says, "Dos Bros Tacos."
哥俩好 提托 不是老光棍卷饼  "Dos" Bros, Tito. Not "Uno" Bro.
你应该在门口兜售卷饼  You're supposed to be out there, selling tacos,
而不是搞什么蜗牛赛跑  not racing snails.
我知道 但是这小家伙有点特别  I know, but this little guy is something special.
我告诉你 安杰洛  I'm telling you, Angelo,
客人们会把这里挤得水泄不通  the customers are gonna be lining up around the block.
我已经预见了  I can see it already.
蜗牛赛跑趣味多 美味卷饼不可少  "Come for the snail racing, stay for the chimichangas."
你快点给我醒醒  Get your head out of the clouds,
提托 痴人说梦到此为止  Tito. It's enough with your crazy schemes.
不要 你是个卷饼天才 安杰洛  No! You're a taco genius, Angelo.
而我的使命就是让你的卷饼举世闻名  And it is my mission in life to share your gift with the world.
没错 你要做的第一件事  Great. Then first thing in the morning,
就是爬进卡车给我卖卷饼  get in that truck and go sell some tacos.
提托  Tito.
你确定吃饱了吗 累了没  You sure you had enough to eat? Are you tired?
看这 我给你铺好了床  Here, I made up your bed.
今晚可能有点凉  Now, it might get a little chilly tonight.
我给你暖了暖被褥  So, I warmed up your blanket.
好了 舒服又温馨  There you go. All comfy and cozy.
祝你好梦 小家伙 明天早上见  Sweet dreams, Little Amigo. I'll see you in the morning.
他刚才是亲亲晚安了吗  Did he really just kiss you goodnight?
没错 嫉妒吗  He did. Jealous?
问一下 你怎么得到超速度的  Question. What gives with the super  speed?
喂 你是机器人吗  Hey, hey, you a robot?
你有放射性吗 老兄  Are you radioactive, homie?
会传染吗  Is it contagious?
离这孩子远点  Give the kid some space.
我是鞭索 这是我的团队  I'm Whiplash. And this here is my crew.
我是滑痕  I'm Skidmark!
真 爽  Ah, yeah!
我是烈火 咝咝 咝咝  And I'm Burn. Sizzle, sizzle, uh  uh.
我叫漂移 是这里定基调的 懂吗  The name is Smoove Move. I set the tone around here, you dig?
看好了 就是现在  Now check this. Right about now,
我速度之快  I'm moving so fast,
让整个世界都陷入慢动作 宝贝儿  the whole world's going in slow motion, baby.
下一秒 隆重出场的是  Here one second, gone the next.
人称白色幻影的我  They call me the White Shadow!
因为太快 你只能看到我的影子  Because I'm so fast, all you see is my shadow.
我不明白  I don't get it.
身形轻盈 快如魅影  I'm fast, like a shadow!
但是你的影子明显和快没什么关系  Yeah, but shadows, they're not inherently fast.
白色幻影  White Shadow.
还是能看到你  I can still see you.
听着 乡下蜗牛  Listen, garden snail,
很明显你有两把刷子  you clearly got the skills to pay the bills.
如果蜗牛也有刷子 你的挺大  If snails had to pay bills, that is.
你有两把大刷子  You would be able to pay them.
没错 刷子  Yeah, bills.
刷子挺好用 孩子  Paid in full, son.
我来这 是邀请你加入我的团队  So, I'm here to invite you to join our crew.
加入你的团队  Join your crew?
我的话很滑稽吗  Did I say something humorous?
不好意思 只是你们大家 你懂的  I'm sorry. It's just that you guys are, you know,
有点慢...吞吞的  kind of slow  ish.
过分 一点都不给面子  Really? To our faces?
西奥 你在干什么  Theo, what are you doing?
我当你放了个屁 虽然我闻到了异味  Now, I'm gonna pretend I didn't hear what I clearly just heard.
闻到什么 我什么都没闻到  Heard what? I didn't hear anything.
大家还是可以讲道理的 是吧 西奥  Nothing out of order, did you, Theo?
我是认真的  I meant what I said.
你最好别给我吹破牛皮  Then you better put your money where your mouth is.
蜗牛可吹不动牛的皮  Snails don't have money.
不然我们都会用刷子了 是吧  Otherwise, we'd be able to pay the bills. Remember?
你打嘴仗还装什么有深度  Your trash talk is needlessly complicated.
是吗 还是你的刷子 烂到毛都掉光了  Is it? Or is it that your unpaid bills are overdue?
说够了吧 看看你有什么能耐  Enough talk. It's time for action.
规则很简单 第一个到达流星的  It's simple. First one to the top of that shooting star
就是赢家  wins.
就凭你们 要上那里吗 很好  You guys? Way up there, huh? Awesome.
不如我用本年历来帮你计时吧  Let me get my calendar so I can time you.
挺会说笑 菜鸟  You got jokes, rookie?
尽管笑吧 乡巴佬  Laugh it up, garden snail.
各就各位  On your mark
预备  Get yourself set
见识一下白色幻影的厉害  Prepare to be White Shadowed!
借个道  Coming through!
他们都疯了  Those guys are crazy!
他们真有意思  Those guys are awesome.
那个谁 上来玩玩吧  Hey, player! The party up here!
我要怎么上去  How do I get up there?
再见  Later!
也借个道  Coming through!
谁才是慢吞吞的 乡下蜗牛  Who's "Slow  ish" Now, garden snail?
改变 就在今天  Today, everything changes!
提托 你在做什么  Tito, what are you doing?
我在策划一个 "卷新"  Planning a "Taco  volution"!
这是我想出来的妙点子  It's a little concept that I came up with.
当你把那两个词语组合  When you combine the words
"卷饼"和"创新" 我明白的  "Taco" And "Revolution." I get it.
但是那对卖卷饼有什么帮助吗  But how is that supposed to help us sell tacos?
耐心点 老兄 罗马不是一天建成的  Patience, bro. Taco  volutions don't happen in a day.
下一站是洛城大河  And next up on our tour is the L.A. River.
它赫赫有名 因为...  Famous for its appearance...
走走 快走  Get! Get out!
汽配店
对不起 帕斯 能递上来给我吗  Sorry, Paz. Can you throw that up here?
看我追上你 看我追到你  Coming to getcha! I'm coming to getcha!
再会  Bye.
你好  Hey!
欢乐谷模型店 我是鲍比 为您效劳  Valley Hobby, this is Bobby, how can I help you?
你拨错电话了 没事  No, you got the wrong number. Yeah, okay.
看我不追上你  That's what I'm talking about!
想来个杰克逊五人组式美甲吗  You want Jackson Five on your feet?
每个脚趾都有  One Jackson per toe.
好啊 你随意发挥吧  Sure, knock yourself out.
完美无缺  Can't get no better.
好吧 你的计划是什么  Okay. So, what's your plan?
和一群疯子蜗牛  Stay here in this rundown strip mall?
还有一个想用你推销墨西哥小吃的人  With a bunch of lunatic snails,
在这排破店铺子里混吃等死吗  and a nutso taco man who is using you to sell Mexican food?
要是那样 奶奶个熊 把我弄死算了  Because if that's your plan, then whoopty  skippy  do, sign me up!
我耳朵根发痒 你们是在谈论我吗  My ears are burning. I hope you're not talking about me.
你俩看起来关系不一般 小家伙  You two seem to have a special connection, Little Amigo,
这个看起来是小家伙朋友的蜗牛  and Snail Who Seems To Be Friends With Little Amigo.
她是你母亲吗  Is this your mother?
还是你姐姐  Your sister?
不用说了 肯定是你女朋友  Say no more. It's your girlfriend.
她是个可人儿  She's a cutie.
女汉子  Women.
我得承认  I have to admit,
我真希望"卷新"现在就可以开始  I was kind of hoping the taco  volution would've started by now.
没道理啊  It doesn't make sense.
我的头脑加上你的速度  With my brains and your speed,
我们应该大有作为才对 是吧  we should be destined for greatness, right?
我们得大张旗鼓一下 小家伙  We need to think big, Little Amigo.
我是说广告 脱口秀和展览会什么的  I'm talking commercials, talk shows, county fairs.
跳蚤市场 不对  Flea markets. No,
是农贸市场 错了 是超市  farmers' markets. No, supermarkets.
总之是各种市就对了  We'll cover all the markets.
成人礼 坚信礼 毕业典礼  Quinceanera, confirmations, graduations.
印第500大奖赛  The Indy 500.
我想到了 我们应该有自己的肥皂剧  I got it. We can have our very own telenovela!
什么 才不  What? No.
印第500大奖赛
就是这个 切特  This is it, Chet.
我知道我们来这是有原因的  I knew we ended up here for a reason.
你能不能慢一点  Will you just slow down for a second?
慢 开玩笑吗 我的字典里没有慢  Slow down? Are you kidding? I'm never going slow again!
西奥 停下  Theo, stop.
你要表达什么  What are you trying to say?
我要让他参加大奖赛  I wanna enter him in the Indy 500.
大奖赛 你在胡说什么  The Indy 500? What are you talking about?
他在说什么  What is he talking about?
听着 也许这听起来有点疯狂  Now, look, I know it may sound a little crazy
不不不 提托 这可不疯狂  No, no, no, Tito, that doesn't sound crazy.
哥俩好卷饼寿司 那有点疯狂  Dos Bros Tacos and Sushi. That was crazy.
怎么会 大家都爱寿司  What? People love sushi.
哥俩好卷饼亲猴乐园 那也有点疯狂  Dos Bros Tacos and Monkey Petting Zoo. That was crazy.
孩子们很有爱 大人们可太刻薄了  The babies were cute. The adults were just so mean.
卷饼超人和他的小弟 油条人  Taco Man and his sidekick, the Churro.
那是真他娘的疯狂  That was off  the  hook crazy!
是疯狂到正点  Crazy awesome.
但这个计划 提托  But this, Tito?
疯狂都只配给它提鞋  This is in a category all by itself.
安杰洛 拜托了  Angelo, please.
我拜托你 切特 听我一句劝  Come on, Chet. Just hear me out.
西奥 蜗牛不能参加汽车大奖赛  Theo, a snail cannot race in a competition meant for cars.
规矩就是规矩  There are rules.
事实上 我做了很多调查  Actually, I've been doing a lot of research,
没有规则禁止蜗牛参加比赛  and there's nothing in the rules that says a snail can't enter the race.
规则也没说海绵不可以参赛  There's nothing that says this sponge can't enter the race either,
但是那永远不可能发生  but that doesn't mean it's ever gonna happen.
几百万人都看这比赛  Millions of people watch that race.
我们会让小镇名扬天下的 老兄  This could put us on the map, bro.
有人可要忙工作了    拜托 安杰洛  Trying to work, here.    Come on, Angelo.
我们只需要两万美金的参赛费  All we have to do is raise the $20,000 registration fee.
什么  What?
我在想 只要卖了卡车    卖卡车  I figured, once we sell the truck    Sell the...
你听听自己在说什么 提托  Are you even listening to yourself, Tito?
你要把我们毕生积蓄 花在一只蜗牛身上  You want to invest our entire life savings in a snail!
我告诉你 这只蜗牛背负使命找到我们  I'm telling you, this snail crawled into our lives for a reason.
我觉得他就是我们的幸运星  I think he could be our little shooting star.
听到了吗 切特 那人相信我  Did you hear that, Chet? This guy believes in me.
那人和你一样都疯了  That guy is as crazy as you are.
你永远不会被允许参赛  They'll never let you into that race.
就算你能 你连一圈都熬不过去  And even if they did, you wouldn't survive one lap.
可是安杰洛 听我说  Yeah, but Angelo, listen...
提托    西奥  Tito!    Theo!
不是所有梦想都可以实现  Not every dream is meant to come true.
他说得没错  Yeah, what he said.
蜗牛参加印第500 真有你的  A snail in the Indy 500.
下一步你又要做什么  What will you think of next?
别担心 小家伙  Don't worry, Little Amigo.
我们总会筹到参赛费的  We'll get that entrance fee somehow.
有人觉得两万美金是一大笔钱  Now, I know some people may say $20,000 sounds like a lot of money.
那就是一大笔钱  It is a lot of money.
也有人说我肯定疯了  And I know some people may say I'm crazy.
但是  But I say,
当一只蜗牛以300公里的时速  when a snail crawls into your life
闯进你的生活  at 200 miles an hour,
要是不抓住这千载难逢的机会  then you'd have to be crazy not to grab onto that shell,
那才是真疯了  and take a ride of a lifetime.
如果你还没有被说服  Now, in case you're still not convinced
看看我精心设计的热血海报吧  Boom! Check out my well  designed endorsement poster.
你想说什么 提托  What's your point, Tito?
我想说 我们有机会将生活变得更美好  My point is, we got a chance to change our lives for the better.
把星光广场变得和梦想中一样美好  To make Starlight Plaza the great place we all know it could be.
那么现在  Now, come on.
准备好要赞助下一届大奖赛冠军了吗  Who's ready to sponsor the next Indy 500 champion?
抱歉 提托 我还有活儿要干  Sorry, Tito, but I've got work to do.
不 你很闲 你们都闲爆了  No, you don't. None of you do.
我真不明白 那海报多牛逼啊  I don't get it. That poster was awesome.
干得不错 你尽力了 该回家了 西奥  Well, good try, you did your best. Time to go home, Theo.
我们一定要去印第安纳波利斯 切特  We're going to Indianapolis, Chet.
你就张着那小胖脸看好吧  Don't you worry your chubby little face about that.
准备好 队员们  All right, team.
蜗动起来  Snail up!
下一站是洛城大河  And next up on our tour is the L.A. River.
它因为经常在电影中出现而闻名  Famous for its appearance in such movies as...
白色幻影来也  You've just been White Shadowed!
下一站是星光广场  Next stop is the Starlight Plaza.
太帅了  Yes!
烈火 让我们开始狂欢吧  Burn. Let's get this party started.
说得没错  You know it.
蜗动完成  Snailed it.
滑痕 你拿到饮料了吗  Skidmark. You bringing the beverages?
这个饮料给你 还有这个给你  I got a beverage for you. And a beverage for you.
让她闪亮起来吧 特搏 该你上了  Light her up, Turbo. Do your thing, baby.
史上最快蜗牛 尽在哥俩好卷饼店
安杰洛 我们有顾客来了  Hey, Angelo! We got customers.
好了 准备好了吗  Okay, you ready?
出发吧  Go!
好了 你们可以出发了  All right. You're good to go.
好了 所有人都回到车上去  Okay, everybody. Back on the bus.
太太 你看起来真不错  Mama, you look good!
再见 记得我还承办婚礼和受戒业务  Bye. Come again. I do weddings, bar mitzvahs.
谢谢你们 欢迎再来  Thank you. Come back soon.
明天 还有以后 我一直都在这儿  Tomorrow, later on today. I'll be here.
祝你们的小蜗牛好运  Good luck with that snail of yours.
谢谢你们 我的朋友们  Thank you, my friend.
我不得不表扬你 提托  I gotta hand it to you, Tito.
这一次 你的胡闹总算派上用场了  For once, one of your crazy schemes worked.
我就知道  I know!
如果那块广告牌能给我们带来这么大效用  And, hey, if we did better because of that billboard,
想一想印第500会给我们带来什么  just imagine what the Indy 500 could do.
别跟我说这些疯话  Hey, don't go crazy on me.
今天是个好日子 我们卖了很多卷饼  We had a good day. We sold a few extra tacos.
这就足够了  It's good enough.
你最好别搞砸了 提托  You better not mess this up, Tito.
天啊 不  Oh, no.
没错 我们会去印第安纳波利斯 切特  Oh, yes. We're going to Indianapolis, Chet!
乡巴佬要进城 紧张到头疼  "I" to the "N" to the "Dizzy" to the "Wizzah."
你的明白  You dig?
没错 伙计  Yes, sir.
一份早餐煎饼 谢谢  One breakfast burrito, please.
对不起 亲爱的 今天有点不顺  That's it. I'm sorry, honey. Today is the day.
对不起 提托
提托  Tito!
杰克逊兄弟五人组的《回到印第安纳》  我要回到印第安纳  I'm goin' back to Indiana
准备好了吗 大家伙  Are you ready, big man?
数到三 一 二  On three. One, two...
印第 宝贝  Indy, baby!
那里是我的故乡  Indiana here I come
我张开双臂奔向青青的牧场  I spread my wings for greener pastures
不知道自己在追寻什么  I still ain't found what I was after
我郁郁不乐 只能放声高歌  I've got the blues and that is why I sing
我只想做自己的事情  I just wanna do my thing, yeah
我要回到印第安纳  I'm goin' back to Indiana
我知道了 叫超快感  I got it! "Fasty"!
你开什么玩笑  Are you kidding me?
我要回到印第安纳  I'm goin' back to Indiana
因为那是生我养我的地方  'cause that's where my baby's from
特搏  "Turbo"!
好了 提托你懂吧  Yeah, okay Tito you got it
好了 像孩子们说的"改良你的坐骑"  All right, as the kids say, "Time to plump your ride."
见鬼 不要这样  Heck, no!
我们用这个吧  Let's do this.
这才像话  Now, that's more like it.
不要乱晃 好了  No twitching. Voila!
经过精心打造 全新装备  Suited and booted, gooted and looted, dipped and whipped!
我们小镇的车手代表诞生了 宝贝  We've got a contender, baby!
星光广场
快看他啊  Look at him go!
我要回到印第安纳  I'm goin' back to Indiana
那是生我养我的地方  'cause that's where my baby's from
那样美丽的地方  That's where she is, yeah yeah yeah
空气真好 宝贝  Fresh air, baby.
我们已经出了凡奈斯了  We ain't in Van Nuys no more.
你好 切特  Hi, Chet.
做我男朋友吧  You're gonna be my boyfriend!
我叫你波波好了  I'm gonna call you "Boo."
波波 这是什么鬼称呼  "Boo"? What does that even mean?
比乡下菜园的景色好看多了吧  Sure beats the view from the garden, huh?
真不敢相信你竟然真的这么做了  I can't believe you're doing this.
是我们 我们一起做的  "We." We are doing this.
是你 我是被胁迫的  You. I'm just a hostage.
西奥 如果明天一早起来  Theo, what happens if you wake up tomorrow,
你的能力消失了 你要怎么办  and your powers are gone?
怎么办  What then?
欢迎来到印第安纳波利斯
那我就努力把今天做到最好  Then I better make the most of today.
印第500之乡
印第安纳波利斯赛车场
这比玩模展销会大多了  This is even bigger than Hobby  Con.
天啊 这才叫车  Wow. Now, that's a car.
太炫了  Whoa. Shiny.
主赛场
加涅  Gagné.
盖·加涅以每小时  And Guy Gagné wins the pole,
370公里的平均速度跑完四圈 赢得杆位  with a four  lap average of 230 miles per hour.
盖·加涅又刷新了他的最佳纪录  That's Guy Gagné's best time yet.
特搏没跑过那么快呢  Turbo has never gone that fast.
我是说 目前为止  I mean, yet.
那么 你有计划了吗 卷饼男  So, you got a plan, Taco Man?
当然了  Of course I do.
你的计划不会又是这破眼镜吧  Please tell me those phony glasses are not your plan.
不 我怎么会那么蠢  No. That would be ridiculous.
拜托 破眼镜 看你的魅力了  Come on, phony glasses, do your thing.
真受不了 我心脏病要犯了  This great. I'm gonna go have heart attack.
报名处
你好吗 我的朋友  Qué pasa, my friend?
我有车手 也想参加比赛  I have a driver that I'd like to enter into the race.
你的车手是哪个队的  What team does your driver race for?
哥俩好卷饼集团公司  Dos Bros Tacos and Company.
他通过新手测试了吗  Has he passed the rookie test?
我们开门见山 好吧  Hey, come here. Let's cut to the chase, okay?
你戴眼镜 我也戴眼镜  You have glasses, I have glasses.
所以你能通融一下的 对吧 老兄  What do we gotta do to get this done, bro?
放开我 你们放开我  Hey, let go. Come on, man, let go!
你们不能这样对待一个戴眼镜的斯文人  This is no way to treat a guy with glasses.
人家还有散光呢  I have astigmatism and stuff.
好吧 好吧  Yeah, yeah.
盖 你是怎么做到的  Guy, how do you do it,
每一年都在不停刷新自己的记录  shattering your own records year after year?
一只猎豹在追逐一只羚羊的时候  Well, when a cheetah chases after a gazelle,
它会停下去想"我抓的羚羊已经够多了"  does he ever stop to think, "Maybe I've caught enough gazelles.
"我是不是该停下来吃吃素了"  "Maybe I should just settle down,
这类的问题吗  try the vegan thing."
不 只要他还有一口气在  No! He keeps running as long as
他都不会停下  his legs will carry him.
我就像猎豹一样 从不放弃  I am like the cheetah. I never give up.
下一个问题  Next question.
好吧 把钥匙给我 我们打道回府吧  All right, give me the keys. I'll drive the first shift home.
天哪 这是怎么了  Whoa! What gives?
不 不 不要  No, no, no!
需要帮忙吗 先生  Can I help you, monsieur?
请等一下  One second, please.
你想干什么 你想害我被抓吗  What are you doing? Are you trying to get me arrested?
对不起 真的对不起 我们来处理  Sorry! So sorry. We'll have this under control...
女士们 先生们  Ladies and gentlemen!
我给你们带来了下一届印第500冠军  I give you the next Indy 500 champion!
那是蜗牛吗  Is that a snail?
你的车手就是一只蜗牛  Your driver is a snail?
这算什么欢迎仪式啊  What kind of welcome is that?
这种情况下 已经算很不错了  I'd say an appropriate welcome, given the situation.
好了 游戏结束了 小子  All right. Game over, nut job.
跟我们走吧  Let's go.
飞吧 切特  Have a nice flight, Chet.
上    白色幻影  Hit it!    White Shadow!
中标啦  Bonzai!
下去  Get off!
出发吧 特搏  Pedal to the metal, Turbo.
去吧  Go.
那只蜗牛的速度太快了  Whoa! That snail is fast!
我错过了什么 我错过了什么  What did I miss? What did I miss?
363公里每小时 足够参赛了  226! That's fast enough to qualify!
我说什么来着  That's what I'm talking about!
那只蜗牛的速度太快了  Whoa! That snail is fast!
等等 让大家都见识一下  Man, wait until people see this!
收件箱 伙计 打开看看吧
那只蜗牛的速度太快了  Whoa! That snail is fast!
天哪 你看到了吗  What? Are you seeing this?
喂    你听说了吗  Hello?    Have you heard?
是的 我听说了  Yes, I've heard.
那只蜗牛的速度太快了  That snail is fast.
别去搅和 三分钟热度而已  Forget about it. This will blow over by noon.
那只蜗牛的速度太快了  Whoa! That snail is fast!
喂    你看到了吗  Hello?    Have you seen it?
是的 我看到了  Yes, I've seen it!
收件箱 这个更赞
天 那只蜗牛真是太快了  Whoa! That snail is fast
什么  What
蜗牛的速度真快  Snail is fast
你看那只蜗牛 他的速度多快  You see the snail moving fast
你的速度太慢 迟早会被超越  You slow, you gonna get passed
他理应成为冠军  You see him gaining position for first
才不是最后一名  He won't be last
他准备奋起直追  He's ready to make a dash
小小蜗牛 快过闪电  Snail quicker than a lightning flash
身体引擎在怒吼 战胜强敌 不知疲倦  His engine's roaring, he's flooring. He won't run out of gas
那只蜗牛实在是太快了  Whoa! That snail is fast!
你看到了吗  Whoa! Are you seeing this?
不可以让一只蜗牛参加印第500  You cannot have a snail in the Indy 500.
简直是大自然的奇迹  It's a miracle of nature!
这只蜗牛会被大型赛车压碎吗  Will the snail be crushed by the giant race cars?
那只蜗牛跑得太太太太太快了  That snail is fast, fast, fast Fast, fast, fast, fast
天哪 那只蜗牛的速度还真是快  Whoa. That snail is fast.
我们刚刚获悉  We've just received word that
印第车赛的首席执行官将要发表声明  the CEO of IndyCar is about to make a statement.
经过再三考虑之后  And so, after careful consideration and...
蜗牛真快啊 蜗牛真快啊  That snail is fast. That snail is fast.
对不起 忘记静音了  Sorry. My bad.
我决定  I've decided...
拜托 同意吧 拜托 同意吧  Please, say yes. Please, say yes.
拜托 别同意 千万别同意  Please, say no. Please, say no.
白色幻影  White Shadow.
我还是不能允许一只蜗牛参加  I've decided that I simply cannot permit a snail to enter...
拜托了 先生 给我的蜗牛一次机会吧  Please, sir, give my snail a shot,
我保证 你不会后悔的  and I swear, you won't regret it.
洛佩斯先生 感谢你的热情参与  Mr. Lopez, while I appreciate your enthusiasm,
可我的决定是  my decision is...
让他参赛  Let him race!
让他参赛  Let him race!
让他参赛  Let him race!
让他参赛 让他参赛 让他参赛  Let him race! Let him race! Let him race!
请保持安静  Now, now. Order.
先生 我可以说句话吗  Sir, if I may.
你们也许会想要个双人特写  You might want to get a two  shot here.
我和站在这里的这位满怀激情的先生一样  I, like this passionate gentleman here,
开始都有一段辛酸的经历  came from humble beginnings.
用我父亲的话说  In the words of my dear father,
没有遥不可及的梦想  "No dream is too big,
小人物也有逐梦的权利  and no dreamer, too small."
这也就是为什么我相信  And that is why I, for one,
印第500永远不会限制车手的速度  believe that if the Indy 500 isn't going to put a limit on speed,
也不会约束赛车的精神  then it shouldn't put a limit on spirit!
满足大家的愿望吧  Give the people what they want.
让他参赛  Let him race!
让他参赛 让他参赛 让他参赛  Let him race! Let him race! Let him race!
给我来一张  Just me.
我的脸 要特写  Whole frame, my face.
那就这样吧  All right!
"这样"是哪样  "All right," What?
你们的蜗牛可以参加印第500汽车赛  Your snail can compete in the Indianapolis 500.
太棒了  Yeah!
这个世界都疯了吗  Has the world lost its mind?
真是太感谢您了 给我们这次机会
祝贺特搏  To Turbo!
星光广场  Starlight Plaza! Hey!
他不会放慢脚步  He ain't slow no more.
那是一定的  That's for sure.
关上门  Shut the door.
登上舞台  Get on the floor.
沙茶酱  Barbeque sauce!
我们带来了印第安纳波利斯的最新报道  And we're back with more from Indianapolis.
看啊 我们上电视了  Check it out. We're on TV.
洛佩斯先生 对于获得  Mr. Lopez, how do you feel
印第500参赛资格 你有什么感受  about getting to compete in the Indy 500?
我太高兴了  I'm just so happy.
我们非常欢迎各位  And we'd all be happy to
光临我们的小镇星光广场  see you come on down to the Starlight Plaza.
位于加利福尼亚凡奈斯101公路北侧  Just north of the 101 in Van Nuys, California.
金林美甲沙龙  Kim Ly Nail Salon.
我们可以提供蜗牛式美甲服务  Where we put the "Nail" in "Snail."
卷饼男在成千上万的观众面前喜极而泣  Taco Man cried in front of millions of people.
去吧 帕斯 好好睡一觉  Here you go, Paz. Nice and warm.
晚安 提托  Goodnight, Tito.
你睡得还舒服吧 鲍比    不  You comfy enough, Bobby?    No.
如果有需要的话叫我  Okay, let me know if you need anything.
别碰我  Hey! No touching!
轻点 轻点 轻点  Smooth, smooth, smooth.
睡吧 我的朋友 明天可是个大日子  Sleep tight, Little Amigo. We got a big day tomorrow.
没错  Yep.
大日子 那当然了  Big day, indeed.
你这个语气可不像是赞成啊  I'm detecting a refreshing note of disapproval.
我很担心 你也应该担心  I'm worried. And you should be, too.
没事的  I'll be fine.
你忘乎所以了 知道吗  You are delusional, you know that?
大红美事件又要重新上演  It's Big Red all over again.
不过这一次 不再是一辆除草机  Only this time, instead of one lawn mower,
而是32辆如狼似虎的大汽车  it'll be 32 giant, fire  breathing cars!
到时候我可救不了你  And I won't be able to save you.
你用不着救我 因为这一次 我变快了  You won't have to, because this time, I have speed.
你不是汽车 你只是一只蜗牛  You're not a car. You're a snail.
我是这里的新秀 切特  I got a shot here, Chet.
你会发现 我能做到的  I can do this. You'll see.
不 不会的  No, I won't.
我不能眼睁睁地看着我唯一的兄弟  I will not stand by and watch the only brother I've got
为了一个遥不可及的梦想去送死  risk his life chasing some impossible dream.
对不起 西奥  I'm sorry, Theo.
这些人 他们都相信我  All of these people, they believe in me.
盖·加涅也相信我  Guy Gagné believes in me.
你为什么不相信我  Why won't you?
还有 记住 我的名字叫特搏  And by the way, my name is Turbo.
马上就好 我们走吧  All right. Tout suite, let's go.
2.2排量V型6缸涡轮增压机  2.2  liter turbo V6.
24气门顶置四凸轮轴  24  valve quad  overhead cam.
这个世界上最快的单座开轮式赛车  Fastest open  wheel, single  seat machine on the planet.
我想我真是爱上它了  I think I'm in love.
不是吧  No way.
你不会想偷我的奖杯吧  You're not trying to steal my trophy from me, are you?
因为对你来说 自己赢一个实在太难了  Because if you want one for yourself, you may have a long wait.
来杯浓缩咖啡吗  Espresso?
现在你成了我的小对手 不是吗  So, you are my little competition, eh?
小丑对抗冠军  The underdog versus the champion.
你知道的 这个世界就喜欢小丑  The world loves the underdogs, you know.
外面的梦想家 他们需要这些小丑  The dreamers out there, they need them.
想要相信 终有一天  Need to believe that one day,
他们也能创造奇迹  maybe they could achieve the impossible, too.
然而 不幸的是 小丑们很少会赢  Well, the sad truth is, underdogs seldom win.
梦想家呢  And dreamers?
到头来才发现 不过是黄粱一梦  Let's just say, eventually, they have to wake up.
我从来没和蜗牛聊过天  I've never talked to a snail before.
真是又小又好玩  So small, so amusing.
他们都想看你比赛 对吧  No wonder they want to see you race, eh?
让他去吧  Look at him go.
谢谢你 大胆的小蜗牛  Thank you, plucky snail.
因为你 全世界都会关注这场比赛  Because of you, the whole world will be watching this race.
方格旗落下之时 他们都会见证我的胜利  And when the checkered flag drops, they'll be watching me win.
回家去吧 乡下蜗牛  Crawl home, garden snail,
趁你还有力气  while you still can.
下午好 粉丝们  Good afternoon, race fans,
欢迎来到本年度印第安纳波利斯  and welcome to this year's running
500英里大奖赛现场  of the Indianapolis 500.
200多个国家  Televised in over 200
30多种语言 全球同步播出  countries and aired in 33 different languages,
这已经不仅仅是比赛了  this is no longer just a race,
等你老了还可以给孙辈讲述今天的传奇  this is the day you'll be telling your grandchildren about.
当一只蜗牛参赛的时候 你在做些什么  Where were you the day they let a snail race in the Indy 500?
好了 该出发了 准备好了吗  Okay, time to go. You ready?
来电 安杰洛
语音信箱已满
好了 开个小会 来  All right, team meeting. Bring it in.
现在 我的朋友 属于我们的时刻到了  This is it, Little Amigo. This is our moment. Our time.
今天是我们创造历史的一天  Today is the day we make our mark.
大家都上来 该出发了  Everybody in! It's go time!
哥俩好卷饼店和赛车队
西奥 一定要小心啊  Oh, Theo. Be careful out there.
小蜗牛 你迷路了吗  Hey, little snail. Are you lost?
没有  No.
你是男孩还是女孩  Are you a boy, or a girl?
这算什么问题 我才不是女孩  Why is this confusing? I'm not a girl!
他们来了 伙计们  And there they are, folks.
一些赛车界的重量级人物  Some of the biggest names in motorsport.
谢尔比·斯通 新鲜出炉的圣保罗赛冠军  Shelby Stone, hot off her win in Sao Paulo.
克劳迪奥·克鲁兹也在  And there's Claudio Cruz,
他的绰号是"巴西刽子手"  a.k.a. "The Brazilian Butcher."
进入赛车界前他的确当过屠夫  He actually was a butcher before he got into race car driving.
加涅 加涅 加涅  Gagne! Gagne! Gagne!
他来了 伙计们  And here he comes, folks,
那个人 是神话 是传说  le man, le myth, le legend...
他高傲 但他宅心仁厚  le "If I could choose anybody
他低调 但是万人敬仰 他就是  in the world to be my best friend it would be..."
盖·加涅  Guy Gagne!
没错 就要这样 加涅 加涅  Yes, yes. "Gagne, Gagne!"
食品卡车最近真流行  You know, food trucks are actually very popular these days.
我还挺喜欢吃美味蛋糕的  And I tell you what, I do love a good torta.
瞧见他们的T恤了吗  And would you look at those t  shirts?
家用打印机还能干这个 真神奇  It is amazing what you can do on your printer at home.
提托 你最好知道自己在干什么  Tito, you better know what you're doing.
去吧 小蜗牛  Here you go, little snail.
现在你的座位是全场最好的  Now you've got the best seat in the house.
不不不 不会的  Oh, no. Nope. This isn't happening.
我得离开这里  I gotta get out of here.
待着别动 我马上回来  Stay here. I'll be right back.
救命 放我出去 放我出去  Help! Let me out. Let me out!
呼吸  Breathe.
下午好 欢迎来到  Good afternoon and welcome
最令人期待和前所未有的  to what has become the most anticipated and unprecedented
印第安纳波利斯500英里大奖赛  running of the Indianapolis 500.
闲话少说 咱们直奔主题  So, without further ado,
女士们先生们 以及蜗牛  ladies and gentlemen, and snail,
发动引擎  start your engines!
好像地震了  It's like an earthquake!
我喜欢 这奇怪吗  I love it. Is it weird that I love it?
请所有人离开跑道  Everyone, off the track, please.
终点见 乡下蜗牛  See you in the winner's circle, garden snail.
小菜一碟 宝贝  Easy to the peasy, baby.
没问题的 好吗 我们能行吧  Everything's gonna be fine, okay? We can do this, right?
真希望我个头小点 就能抱抱你了  I wish I was tiny, so I can give you a hug.
离开赛道  Get off the track!
知道啦 我走了 保重 特搏  Okay, okay, I'm going! Good luck out there, Turbo!
谁带耳塞了吗  Did anybody bring earplugs?
什么  What?
我看不了这个  I can't watch this.
引路车离开了 赛车队进入游行圈  The pace car is off and the parade laps are underway.
比赛即将开始  Only moments until the green flag drops,
将会在印第安纳波利斯创造新的历史  and history is made here at Indianapolis.
来吧  Let's do this.
比赛开始  And the race is on!
冲啊 特搏  You go, Turbo!
特搏在挣扎  Turbo, struggling out there.
看来这位软体赛车手很快就玩完了  Looks like the party is over for the motoring mollusk.
他要死在车道上了  He's getting killed out there.
我们都做了些什么  What have we done?
200圈中第15圈
那只蜗牛不行了  Whoa. That snail is history.
我要晕了  I think I'm gonna be sick.
加油 乡下蜗牛 专心比赛  Come on, garden snail. Get your head in the game!
第30圈
快点快点  Go, go, go!
来了 快点快点  All right, go, go, go!
拜托 我们该有个团队的样子  Come on! We're supposed to be a team, here!
我们都在尽力  We're trying.
它是只蜗牛 没什么可做的  It's a snail. There's not that much to do.
行了 后勤维修人员正式换新  That's it. This pit crew is officially under new management.
学着点 气压起重器  Now, this is how it's done. Air jack.
走起  Jack  tivate.
润滑油    充分涂抹  Lube.    Applied liberally.
细节  Detailing.
上蜡 脱蜡  Wax on, wax off.
燃料    取下舱口盖  Fuel!    Down the hatch.
足底按摩  Foot massage.
你懂的  You know it.
放松的音乐  Relaxing vibes.
好好享受 哥们  Own it, brother.
再来点电  Now, de  lax those vibes!
你疯了吗  Are you crazy?
对 我疯了 你怎么会以为我没疯呢  Yeah, I'm crazy! What made you think I was sane?
我不知道怎么  I don't know how to...
你是车吗    不是  Are you a car?    No.
你是车吗  Are you a car?
不是  No!
那就别像车那么跑  Then stop driving like one!
快去 有点蜗牛样 宝贝  Now get out there. Snail up, baby!
冲啊 放松身体 冲啊  Go, T  boogie, go!
加涅目前遥遥领先  Gagne with a commanding lead now.
身后是克劳迪奥·克鲁兹  Followed by Claudio Cruz,
谢尔比·斯通和野口高雄  Shelby Stone and Takao Noguchi.
快走 快点  Go! Come on.
有点蜗牛样  Snail up.
蜗动起来  Snail up!
好的  Yes!
难以置信 特搏刚从一辆车下方穿过  I don't believe it! Turbo just went under a car!
你看见了吗  Did you see that?
200圈中第106圈
尽管开始并不稳定  Despite a rocky start,
看来特搏正在进位  it looks like Turbo is gaining some ground.
好样的 这才像话  Yeah! Now we're talking!
第133圈
他在哪 他在哪  Where is he? Where is he?
他又超车了  He passed another one!
太好了  Yeah!
那是我弟弟 就在那 那是他的后脑勺  That's my brother, right there. That's the back of his head!
最后的幸存者  And the last known survivor  幸存者乐队和2pac的《猛虎之眼》
在深夜偷偷祈祷  Stalks his prey in the night
他正以猛虎之眼注视着我们所有人  And he's watching us all with the eye of the tiger
冲冲冲 左转 左转  Go, go, go! Left turn! Left turn!
对 左转  Yeah! Left turn!
猛虎之眼  The eye of the tiger
特搏巧妙地超过谢尔比·斯通  Turbo maneuvers past Shelby Stone
跃居第二名  and into second place!
对加涅穷追不舍  He is hot on Gagne's heels!
蜗牛紧跟着你 盖  The snail's not going away, Guy.
知道了 知道了  All right, I know, I know!
赛车手最好在第四弯道小心点  These racers better watch it coming into turn four.
比赛进行到这里 外刃遍地是石头  This late in the race, that outside edge is full of marbles.
没人想跟它们亲密接触 孩子们  And you don't want to play with these marbles, kids.
从轮胎上掉落的橡胶  That rubber peeling off the
撒播成车手的雷区  tires can be a minefield for these drivers.
开始吧  Here we go.
特搏  Turbo!
不  Oh, no.
哥们  Oh, man.
我们该怎么办  What are we gonna do?
要是他再受到一次这样的撞击  If he takes another hit like that last one...
你得让他退赛 提托  You gotta pull him, Tito.
对不起 小家伙 结束了  I'm sorry, Little Amigo. It's over.
我们到这种程度 已经够好了  We got this far. It's good enough.
不 还没结束  No, it's not.
比赛即将结束之时  With the green flag about to be waved,
看来胜负已成定数了  it looks like a mere formality at this point.
加涅离胜利只有五圈了  Gagne, just five laps away from victory.
等一下 特搏还在比赛中  Wait a minute! Turbo is still in this thing!
什么  What?
发生什么了  Whoa! What happened there?
快点 快点  Come on, come on!
不  No!
西奥  Theo!
不  No!
别在这个时候 拜托  Not this time. Come on!
加油 特搏 加油 特搏  Come on, Turbo. Come on, Turbo.
拜托 再坚持一小会儿  Come on, just hold in there a little longer.
不  No!
不  No!
再见 小蜗牛  Farewell, little snail.
难以置信 特搏领先了  Unbelievable! Turbo takes the lead.
有蜗牛样 宝贝  Snail  style, baby!
敲坏了 敲坏了  Bad idea. Bad idea.
进入最后一圈  And the white flag is in
方格旗就在空中 等候划落  the air as we enter the 200th and final lap.
特搏在车群中着魔一般迂回前进  Turbo weaving between lapped cars like a snail possessed.
他决心要稳住他的领先地位  He is determined to hold onto his lead.
不  No!
我不会输给一只蜗牛  I will not lose to a snail!
加涅进入了危险区  Gagne is in the marbles!
盖 你在干什么  Guy, what are you doing?
西奥  Theo!
特搏  Turbo!
跑道前面一片堵塞  The track is backed up all the way down the front straight.
完全动弹不得  It's complete gridlock down there.
我看不见他 看不见他了  I can't see him. I can't see him.
盖 你没事吧  Guy, are you okay?
我到哪里了  Where am I?
他在那里  There he is.
西奥  Theo.
我得完成比赛  Let's finish this.
不  Oh, no.
特搏  Turbo.
不不不 西奥 你在干什么 别放弃  No, no, no. Theo, what are you doing? Don't give up.
你去哪儿  Hey! Where are you going?
不 不  No, no!
回来 不 等等  Get back here! No, wait!
别跑 小蜗牛  No! Little snail!
西奥  Theo!
那是切特吗  Is that Chet?
乖点 我可以当你们是在放屁 否则  Now, I'm gonna pretend I didn't hear what I clearly just heard.
盐  Salt!
又是乌鸦 开什么玩笑  Crows? Are you kidding me?
好久不见 切特  Long time no see, Chet!
别不识好歹 臭乌鸦  Hey! Don't test me, crow.
看我白色幻影的  White Shadow!
干得不错 波波  Nice moves back there, boo.
用得着这样吗  Is this really necessary?
不啊 哥们 但是这样好玩  No, man. But it's fun.
西奥  Theo!
西奥  Theo!
切特  Chet?
完成比赛  Finish this!
我做不到  I can't.
做得到 你可以的  Oh, yes, you can.
你说得对 天性  You're right, you know.
它在你身体里 一直都在  It is in you. It's always been in you.
我冒险下来这里  Now, I did not just face every fear known to snail  kind
不是来看你缩在壳里的  to come down here and watch you hide in your shell.
我坐在乌鸦身上呢 都快吓哭了  I'm sitting on a crow, for crying out loud!
想都别想  Don't even think about it.
我的小弟弟从来不放弃  And my little brother never gives up.
那是你最好的优点  That's the best thing about you.
所以你出来把比赛赢了  So, you get out there and you win this...
特搏  Turbo.
他还在继续  He's still going.
真是条汉子  Son of a gun.
快点 快点  Come on, come on!
难以置信 比赛又继续进行了  Unbelievable! The race is back on!
不好意思    让一下  Excuse me.    Excuse me.
小东西  Little Amigo!
蜗牛 他快追上你了  Hey, snail! He's gradually gaining on you!
加油 加油  Come on! Come on!
特搏 缩壳快滚  Turbo! Tuck and roll!
特搏以一壳的优势赢得了比赛  And Turbo wins it by a shell!
就是这样  That's what I'm talking about!
切特 切特  Chet! Chet!
特搏  Turbo!
切特  Chet!
我们赢了吧 我们刚赢了吗  We won, right? We just won?
我们赢了  We won.
我弟弟赢了印第安纳波利斯汽车大赛  Hey, everybody! My brother won the Indy 5,000!
真浪漫  Wow. That's so romantic.
安杰洛 我们做到了  Hey, Angelo. We did it!
我们做到了 做到了  We did it. We did it!
免费卷饼 人人有份  Free tacos for everybody!
蜗牛力量 宝贝  Snail power, baby!
妈妈  Mom.
加涅 有种跟你个头差不多的人去单挑  Hey, Gagne! Why don't you pick on someone your own size?
你个大坏蛋    警卫  You big bad boy!    Security!
我踩着你 喜欢吗  I step on you! Do you like that?
十字锁喉    好啦  Sleeper hold!    All right.
放开我 我只是个老妇人  Let go of me! I'm just an old lady!
金林美甲沙龙  Kim Ly Nail Salon!
那是我们的蜗牛  That's our snail!
就像我一直说的那样 小家伙 你真棒  It's like I always said, Little Amigo, you are amazing!
好的 等等  Okay, wait.
闭着眼睛 我让你睁开再睁开 好吗  Just keep your eyes closed until I say so, okay?
提托 这样太傻了  Tito, this is stupid.
安杰洛 我们开火吧  Hello, Angelo. Let's get cooking.
会说话的炉子 哥  The stove talks, bro.
亲爱的 最早的可预订时间是三个月后  No, honey, soonest available three months from now,
早上六点  6:00 AM.
布伦达 那样真的很彰显你的脚  Brenda, that daisy really brings out your foot!
我可不是雇你们来傻站着的  Hey, I'm not paying you guys to sit around and look pretty.
这才差不多  Now, that's more like it.
瞧啊  Check it out.
这伙计真有型  Whoa. This guy is good.
最后但是非常重要的医疗工作  And last, but not least, Sanitation.
选得好 年轻人  Nice choice, young man.
来吧 孩子们 该清理垃圾了  Come on, boys. It's time to take out the trash.
瞧瞧这里  Take a look at this place.
就像我说的 你的确有两把刷子  Like I said, your skills have truly paid the bills.
对 刷子  Yeah, bills.
蓄势又待发 要去社交啦  Dip, dive, socialize  奥祖马特里的《星期六晚上》
为星期六做好准备  Get ready for the saturday night
蓄势又待发 要去社交啦  Dip dip, dive, socialize
为星期六做好准备  Get ready for the saturday night
你说呢 哥们  What you saying, bro?
蓄势又待发 要去社交啦  Dip, dive, socialize
所有赛车手到起跑线  All racers to the starting line.
小特  Hey, T.
缺了那个时髦魔法超能力没事吗  You gonna be okay without those fancy magic superpowers?
没事 你们不也还在跑嘛  Sure. It never stopped any of you.
你好吗 我的朋友  Que pasa, my friend?
看见了吗 所有这些人  You see that? All these people?
你做到了 小家伙  You did that, Little Amigo.
你让小镇在地图上出名了  You put this place on the map.
你真是我的幸运星  You really are my little shooting star.
差点忘了 我有东西给你  I almost forgot. I got you something.
你不会想念这玩意的  You won't be missing this.
什么 你都好了  What? You're all better.
太棒了  That's nice.
好的 听着  Okay, listen up.
今天来一场精彩又安全的比赛  Let's have a nice, safe race out there today.
不想有什么事故  Don't want any accidents.
话虽如此  That being said,
把他们甩得远远的 兄弟  blow them off the track, bro.
我喜欢制服男 真的  I love a man in uniform. For real!
淡定 我在执勤呢  Simmer down, boo. I'm on duty, here.
各就各位  On your mark.
好的 你有了新壳够拽  All right, so, you got a new shell.
但是你能这样吗 来吧 烈火  But can yours do this? Hit it, Burn!
预备  Get set.
开始  Go.
极速蜗牛
快点 来吧    好  Come on! Let's do it!    Yeah!
人对人 派对选地方  People to people, party to place  史努皮狗狗的《拒绝低调》
你的生活如何 全都写在脸上  Having the time of your life is all on your face
抓住音乐节奏 把手伸向天空  Hands in the sky, while snatch and catch in the vibe
来回四处游走 我们就是这样  We go uptown, downtown, that's how we ride!
是的 长官  Yes, sir.
解除防卫 就在这里  Get your strip mode, it's where we '
要做就做最好 有志不在年高  It's the top dough, the top ' for' the trash
拒绝低调 让它去  Let, let the bass move, let it go!
拒绝低调 让它去  Bass, bass, move, let it go
我怎么说的 我怎么说的  What'd I say? What'd I say?
拒绝低调 让它去  Bass, bass, move, let it go
我见过的玩家 多得数不清  Now I've see players, too many to name
有的人得到认可 甚至名声在外  Some gain recognition and even fame.
有的踽踽且行 所以也许能迅猛  Some go slow and so may go fast
但是我和我的小伙伴们出生入死  But me and my partners we dip and we dash
但我用她的方式打破它  And I break it down in her way
哥们 我被抬走了  Oh man, I got carried away
但反正我得说  But anyway I'mma say
我每天都感觉很好  I feel good everyday!
各种方式  Every way, ta, ta, ta
我会打着拍子 去  I'll make the beat go pa pa pa
温度 拍子停下  the heat, stop the beat
听着 注意 同意  Listen, attention, permission,
因为这是大事  Cause this is grand thing bang, bang
同样范围 改变  Same range, change '
玩游戏 让你和你 弹起来  Playing games, get you with you, flick it up!
这更好  It's better up
这不好  It's better not
他们就要那样  That's what they ask
别踩草坪 快点出来  Come out the grass, so do it fast!
人对人 派对选地方  People to people, party to place
你的生活如何 全都写在脸上  Having the time of your life is all on your face
抓住音乐节奏 把手伸向天空  Hands in the sky, while snatch and catch in the vibe
来回四处游走 我们就是这样  We go uptown, downtown, that's how we ride
拒绝低调 让它去  Bass, bass, move, let it go
拒绝低调  Bass, bass, move
我能缩进去 我可以的  I can tuck. I can tuck.
好的宝贝 来吧  Okay, baby, here we go.
来吧  Come on.
我成功了 缩进去了 缩进去了  I did it! I tucked! I tucked!
但是出不来了  I can't get out.
今日菜单 《极速蜗牛》
哇塞 这蜗牛真快  Wow, the snail is fast
什么    这蜗牛真快  What    The snail is fast  V12的《这蜗牛真快》
什么  What
特搏    这蜗牛真快  Turbo    The snail is fast
特搏    这蜗牛真快  Turbo    The snail is fast
这蜗牛真快  Wow, the snail is fast
特搏    这蜗牛真快  Turbo    The snail is fast
这蜗牛真快  Wow, the snail is fast
这蜗牛真是快  Wow, the snail is fast, fast, fast
特搏    这蜗牛真快  Turbo    The snail is fast
这蜗牛真快  Wow, the snail is fast
这蜗牛真是快  Wow, the snail is fast, fast, fast
特搏    这蜗牛真快  Turbo    The snail is fast
这蜗牛真快  Wow, the snail is fast
这蜗牛真是快  Wow, the snail is fast, fast, fast
特搏    这蜗牛真快  Turbo    The snail is fast
这蜗牛真快  Wow, the snail is fast
这蜗牛真是快  Wow, the snail is fast, fast, fast
这蜗牛真快  Wow, the snail is fast
这蜗牛真快  The snail is fast, wow
这蜗牛真快  Wow, the snail is fast
特搏    这蜗牛真快  Turbo    The snail is fast
这蜗牛真快  Wow, the snail is fast
这蜗牛真是快  Wow, the snail is fast, fast, fast
特搏    这蜗牛真快  Turbo    The snail is fast
这蜗牛真快  Wow, the snail is fast
这蜗牛真是快  Wow, the snail is fast, fast, fast
特搏    这蜗牛真快  Turbo    The snail is fast
这蜗牛真快  Wow, the snail is fast
这蜗牛真是快  Wow, the snail is fast, fast, fast
特搏    这蜗牛真快  Turbo    The snail is fast
这蜗牛真快  Wow, the snail is fast
这蜗牛真是快  Wow, the snail is fast, fast, fast
特搏  Turbo

