汽车总动员3
好了 我们开始吧  Okay. Here we go.
集中精力 速度 我就是速度  Focus. Speed. I am speed.
1个优胜者 42个失败者  One winner, forty two losers.
我会把失败者当早餐  I eat losers for breakfast.
我过去常那样说吗  Did I used to say that?
是的先生 你常说  Yes sir... you did.
当然了 你一直这样说  Yeah sure. You say that all the time.
板牙 你在这里做什么  Mater! What are you doing in here!
我不想让你觉得寂寞  Well, I didn't want you to be lonely.
谢谢 可我正在准备比赛  Well, thank you but I'm kind of preparing for a race
需要点安静  I need a little quiet.
好的 给你安静 伙计  Alright. You got it buddy.
大家好 听好了  Hey every buddy, listen up.
我最好的朋友闪电麦坤需要安静 绝对安静  My best friend Lightning McQueen need quiet. Perfect quiet.
好了 刚才到哪儿了  Okay, where was I.
比赛 真正的比赛  Racing. Real racing.
这不是比赛 甚至连周日出游都不是  Huh! That aingt racing. That wasn't even a sundae drive.
那里只比一圈 顶现在500圈  That was one lap racing is 500 of those.
所有人一圈圈地力争上游  Everybody fighting to move up lap after lap.
内外道相距咫尺从不接触  Inside outside inches apart never touching.
现在那才叫比赛  Now that's racing.
这位蓝天博士我无法反驳  Well, I can't argue with "The" Doc Hudson.
说得多对呀 多对呀  How true. How true.
闪电 准备好了吗    好了  Hey Lightning. Are you ready?    Oh yeah.
闪电准备好了  Lightning is ready.
这次是为你比的 博士  This one is for you Doc.
《赛车总动员3》  Cars 3
加油车手们  Come on stickers.
布雷特到了 加油麦坤  That is Bret coming through. Go McQueen.
闪电麦坤  Lightning McQueen.
卡尔 你的转向灯开着呢  Hey Cal, your blinkers are on.
什么 没有啊  What? No, it's not. Hey.
你的转向灯才开着呢  Your blinkers are on.
恢复得不错 卡尔  Good comeback Cal.
正在进站的是闪电麦坤  And into the pit goes lightning McQueen,
鲍比·斯威夫特和卡尔·韦瑟斯  Bobby Swift and Cal Weathers.
这三辆车看着很有意思 是不是 达雷尔  These three are fun to watch. Aren't they Darrell?
鲍勃 不好说他们在场内还是场外更有意思  You know Bob, I can't tell they have more fun on or off the track.
你又在洗车了 卡尔  You're geting the car wash too Cal...!
不 你才在洗车  No, you're getting a car wash McQueen.
现在去追上他们  Get them now.
闪电 你是怎么在与鲍比和卡尔比赛时保持专注的  Lightning, how do you keep your focus racing against Bobby and Cal?
我认为秘诀就是我们彼此尊重  I mean I think the key is we respect each other.
这些家伙的确出类拔萃  These guys are real class act.
祝贺你 茶杯蛋糕  Congratulations cupcake.
他们会付出代价的  Oh, they're gonna pay.
加油 恐龙石油车队  Go go Dinoco!
今天真是场伟大的胜利 卡尔  Great win today, Cal.
谢谢你香农 我们朝目标迈出了巨大…  Thank you Shannon, it was great move towards our.. Hey hey!
技师 进站  Guido! Pit   stop...
别再说了 真有趣  Ha ha knock it off! Real funny...
时速314公里 你的车速  Speed 196m/h. Your speed.
加油 保持下去 伙计  Come on. Keep it going buddy.
我的赞助商们今天还高兴吗  Are my sponsors happy today?
我的天 你别再赢了  Stop winning for crying out loud,
我们的减震膏不够卖了  we're running out of bumper cream to sell.
闪电麦坤  Lightning McQueen!
大特克斯 我最喜欢的对手还好吗  Hey, big Tex. How's my favorite competitor?
只要你一句话  Just say the word,
我就打电话给恐龙石油车队 让你取代他  I'll put call off the Dinoco team and replace him with you.
你知道我能听见 对吗 我就在这儿呢  You know I can hear you right? I'm right here.
再见 卡尔 下周见  Bye Cal, see you next week.
见不着了  We're not.
别这样 我在开玩笑呢  Oh come on now, I am joking.
加油 伙计  Roll it buddy.
赢了他们  And meet buddy too.
又一次超棒的结尾正在酝酿  Another great finish in the making.
麦坤和斯威夫特车头紧咬着车尾  McQueen and Swift nose   to   nose.
后面的视野怎么样 鲍比  How's the view back there Bobby?
你最好不要哔哔  Well, you would better not bleep.
否则 我一下就超过你  Or, I'll blow right past you.
最后一圈了 麦坤领先  The flap is out it's the final stretch, McQueen in the lead.
好了 让我看看你有什么能耐  Okay, let's see what you got.
是杰克逊风暴赢了  Oh, it's Jackson Storm for the win.
大写的郁闷  A huge upset.
闪电和鲍比甚至都没看到他追上来  Even Lightning or Bobby never saw him coming.
启动快只是一个方面  It's one thing to start fast.
可我们还没见过任何人  But we haven't seen anyone
以那种速度和动力冲线  cross the line with that kind of speed and power.
自从年轻的闪电麦坤露面以来  Since young Lightning McQueen first arrived on the scene.
鲍比 那是谁    那是…  Hey Bobby, who is that?    That's...
杰克逊风暴    没错 他是个新人  Jackson Storm    Yeah, he's one of the rookies.
谢谢 我很感激 非常感谢 谢谢  Thank you, I appreciate it. Thank you very much. Thank you.
杰克逊风暴 对吗 今天表现得不错  Hey, Jackson Storm, right? Great race today.
谢谢 麦坤先生  Wow, thank you Mr. McQueen.
你不知道对我来说  You have no idea what a pleasure
终于打败你有多高兴  it is for me to finally beat you.
谢谢  Oh! Thanks...
等等  wait.
等一下 你刚是说见到还是打败  Hang on..Did you say meet or beat?
我想你听清了  I think you heard me.
什么    麦坤在这儿  What...    McQueen over here.
风暴 我们能拍几张照片吗  Storm, can we get some pictures?
可以 可以 拍吧 来拍吧  Yeah yeah, come on. Let's get a picture.
知道吗 想拍多少拍多少  You know what. You can get a ton of pictures.
因为这里这位冠军  Because the champ here
是我多年来的榜样  has been a role model of mine for years now.
我是说很多年  And I mean a lot of years.
是的 我喜欢这家伙  Right, I love this guy.
我想我刚碰了个神经病  I think I touched a nerve.
欢迎回到路霸点评  Welcome back to chicks picks and Chick Hicks.
我是主持人活塞杯前任及永远的冠军路霸  I'm your host former and forever Piston Cup champion Chick Hicks.
新消息  This just in.
新手杰克逊风暴 打破了闪电麦坤的传奇  Rookie Jackson Storm slaps the proverbial door on Lightning McQueen.
就是我自己打败闪电麦坤都没这么开心  Oh, I couldn't have enjoyed it more if I'd beaten McQueen myself.
等等 我打败过他呢  Oh, wait. I have.
别说我了 还是给大家讲讲这个故事  Now enough about me. Here to tell you how it happened.
计算专家娜塔莉·塞尔坦小姐  Is professional number cruncher Miss Natalie Certain.
很荣幸来到这里  It is pleasure to be here Chick
其实我更喜欢被称为统计分析师  and actually I prefer the term statistical analyst.
好的 所以这个新人杰克逊风暴  Right, so who is this mysterious newcomer
有什么秘籍 为什么这么快呢  Jackson Storm and why is he so darn fast.
好好研究一下数据就会发现并不神秘  It's no mystery if you study the data Mr. Hicks.
杰克逊风暴  Jackson's Storm is part
采用了下一代高科技赛车的新技术  of the next generation of high   tech Racers.
和那些明日黄花不一样  Unlike the veterans of yesterday.
这样的老家伙吗  Oh what, old   timers like this guy ha ha...
是的  Right.
风暴的最高速是数字完成的  Storm achieves his top speeds by exploiting the numbers.
也就是赛车数据 胎压和下压力等等  I refer of course to racing data: Tire pressure, downforce.
质量分布 气体力学  Weight distribution, aerodynamics
是像风暴这样的下一代赛车的秘密武器  and nextgen's like Storm are taking advantage
赛车世界正在剧变  the racing world is changing
而且是变得更好  And for the better if it
如果我的老朋友闪电都下台了的话  means my old pal Lightning is down for the count
对吧  am I right Certain?
如果说我能确定什么的话  Well, if I'm Certain of anything Chick
那就是这个赛季肯定要更有趣了  it's that this season is about to get even more interesting.
我告诉你 达雷尔  I'll tell you what Darrell
杰克逊风暴绝对给观众留下了深刻印象  Jackson Storm has certainly made an impact
现在赛场上又增加了六台新车  we've got six more next generation rookies in the field
而且是六台老车让位的结果  with six veterans fired to clear the way.
早上好 冠军 今天好吗  Good morning champ. How's our living legend today?
还好 谢谢 要是…  Still very much alive. Thank you. Now, I would appreciate if...
真不敢相信我居然  I can't believe I get to race
能在闪电麦坤的告别赛上和他较量  the Lightning McQueen in his farewell season.
你说什么呢  What are you talking about.
怎么 绿灯了 祝好运 伙计  What... The green flag... Good luck out there champ.
你会需要的  You are gonna need it
风暴和下一代赛车更高效的一个原因是  One reason Storm and the next gens are more efficient
他们每一圈都能保持在最佳路线上  their ability to hold the optimum racing line every single lap
新手第三场胜利  Win number 3 for the rookie sensation.
风暴可以说独树一帜 其中一个原因是  Storms in a class of his own and a big reason for that
最新最高端模拟器训练  training on the newest cutting   edge simulators.
这机器创造的赛车体验真实到  These machines create a virtual racing experience so real,
赛车手都不用再实地训练了  racers never even have to go outside.
风暴的实力简直前无古人  Storms' ability to hold that line is like nothing we've ever seen.
四圈了 真的假的啊  Four in a row... Are you kidding me
阻力系数降低百分之二  Two percent lower drag coefficient
结束的也十分漂亮  What a finish!!
下压力提高5%  5% increase in downforce
幸运7  Lucky number seven
最高速度增加1.2%  1.2 % higher top speed.
活塞杯冠军路霸  Piston Cup winner Chick Hicks
和风暴一般席卷赛场的  here with the racer taking the circuit by Storm
杰克逊风暴 再次轻松赢过老伙计  Jackson Storm. Another easy win over old katchow,
或者说 吊车尾  or should I say the kaboos
因为他总是在后面 对吗  because he's always in the back. Am I right?
不不不 路霸 麦坤个很厉害的冠军  No, no, no, Chick, McQueen is a crafty veteran champ,
是赛车界的知名前辈  he's the elder statesman of the sport you know
只有我才能打败他  takes everything I got to beat him.
真的假的啊  Oh, you gotta be kidding me
怎么改进才能让麦坤重新成为霸主  What changes are you gonna make to get McQueen back on top
麦坤有新训练模式吗    他要退休了吗  will McQueen try new training method?    Is he prepare to retire?
各位 别太夸张 只是点小挫折  Guys let's not overreact.. It's just a slump..
下周我们就能打败他  We'll get him next week
好了 就到这里吧  okay that's enough
都不对  No comment
卡尔·韦瑟斯的退休做评价吗  not even about Cal Weathers retiring!!
等等 什么  Wait..What!!
卡尔·韦瑟斯 他要金盆洗手了  Cal Weathers!! He's hanging up his light   years
不 无可奉告  no, no comment on that either
卡尔  hey, Cal
退休 怎么回事啊  hey... retirement!! What's going on!!
有次我问我叔叔  You know, I asked my uncle
该怎么判断该什么时候退休  once how I'd know when it was time to stop
你知道他怎么说  you know what he said
年轻人会让你知道  the youngsters will tell you
我们有过很棒的比赛时光  we had some good times together
这将是我最怀念的事  I'm gonna Miss that the most I think.
是啊  Yeah.
路霸 更多改进在后面  More changes ahead Chick
每周都能见到老旧赛车退休  every week we've seen veteran
就像今晚的卡尔·韦瑟斯  Racers either retire like Cal Weathers tonight
或者被开除 以便  or fired to make room for
为这些更快的赛车腾位子 还没完  these younger faster Racers and it's not over yet
大家好 车迷们 欢迎来到  hello racing fan welcome to the Los Angeles 500
活塞杯赛季洛杉矶五百强决赛  final race of the Piston Cup season.
我能做到的  I can do this
我为你们赛车快十年了啊  I raced for you guys almost 10 years.
抱歉 布里克  Sorry Brick
我已经决定了  my mind's made up
我要把你的号码给别人  I'm giving your number to someone new
我去年还赢了两次呢  hey! I had two win last year
老规矩已经变了  old sport's changing..
鲍比  Hey Bobby
你知道布里克怎么了吗  do you know what's happening with Brick...
你 等等 你不是鲍比  You.. wait! You're not Bobby
我叫丹尼 哥们  my name is Danny bro
哥们 你的朋友都去哪了  hey champ, where would all your friends go
最后一次检查轮胎  a final check of his tires
风暴已稳居首发位置  as Storm settles into the pole position
我们来看看这个赛季最棒的一场比赛吧  let's see in this season's one of the great race
就是这样 哥们  that's it buddy
还有40圈 目前领跑的是  40 laps to go and race leader
杰克逊风暴 他正奋力驶向维修站  Jackson Storm is making his way on the pit road
麦坤紧随其后  with McQueen on his tail
一次不错的换胎也许就能  a good stop here could mean the difference between
分出胜负  victory and defeat
快快快 再快点啊吉多 快  come on, come on, come on, faster Guido. Come on!
我得在他之前就上路  I gotta go back out there before he does.
吉多 赶快  Guido... hurry up
麦坤完成了好一次换胎  what a pit   stop by McQueen
他领跑了 他能坚持住吗  man, he just got the lead can he hold on it
麦坤 你还好吗  hey McQueen, you alright?
听着 别担心 哥们  Listen, don't you worry pal.
你跑得不错  You had a good run
享受你的退休之战吧  enjoy your retirement.
风暴再度领跑  Storm takes back the lead
难以置信 麦坤在落后  unbelievable! McQueen is fading
麦坤在落后  McQueen is fading
迅速落后  fading fast.
不不不  No... no... no... no!
不  No!
欢迎回到活塞杯评论  Welcome back to Piston Cup talks
连日来我们除了评论什么也不做  around   the   clock where we do nothing but talk racing
四个月后
来看看  let's get to it
当然要先说说闪电麦坤  starting of course with Lightning McQueen
本赛季还有两周就要开赛  the season start just two weeks away
目前尚无官方声明  there's still no official announcement
但95号创下了他的史上最糟记录  but with number 95 coming off his worst year on record
可别杀了传话人 乡亲们  don't shoot the messenger here folks
我认为可以推测  I think it's safe to assume
闪电麦坤的比赛生涯已经终结  that Lightning McQueen's racing days are over
同时 杰克逊风暴似乎越发迅速了  meanwhile Jackson Storm is looking even faster than.
6号和12号  The number six and the number 12 cars
还在争夺首位  are still fighting it out to the lead
等等 他来了  but wait, here he comes
超凡哈德森·大黄蜂来敲门了  it's the fabulous Hudson hornet knocking at their door
今天他的袖子里藏了什么  what's he got up his sleeve today
来了 一次精彩的转弯 他超过了他们  and there it is with one incredible move he has passed them
大黄蜂遥遥领先  the hornet takes this decisive lead
把众车远远甩在身后  he's left the pack behind
他的机工长斯莫基非常满意  his crew chief smokey is loving it..
难以置信  It's unbelievable
不 出问题了  oh no, this is trouble
哈德森·大黄蜂失去了控制  the Hudson hornet has lost control
哈德森·大黄蜂失去了控制  the Hudson hornet has lost control
本该是个欢庆场面  what should have been a scene
却变成了悲剧  of jubilation has turned tragic here today folks
我们等着哈德森·大黄蜂的进一步消息  we await news on the Hudson hornets condition
经历了此重创  after such a devastating
我们只能希望今天的比赛  crash we can only hope that this race today
不会成为他的最后一场  wasn't his last
我们终于被重新拼凑了起来  when I finally got put together and went back
回去期待着热烈欢迎 你知道他们怎么说的吗  expecting a big welcome, you know what they said?
你已经是历史了  You are history, moved
挪到下一个新手旁边站好  right on to the next rookie standing in line
我还有很多本事  there was a lot left in me.
我从来没有机会展示  I never got a chance to show
车祸 哈德森·大黄蜂退出赛季  crash! The Hudson hornet is out for the season
贴纸  hey, stickers
嘿 莎  hey, sal
你感觉如何  how are you feeling?
挺好的  Yeah great
非常好  really really great
你又在想医生的事了吗  you have been thinking about Doc again?
是的  Yeah
是他们告诉他 他不行了  you know they told him when he was done.
不是他决定的  He didn't decide.
我不希望医生的遭遇  I don't want what happened to Doc
发生在我身上  to happen to me
但那并没有发生  but that hasn't happened
对 但我没法出去  no, but I can't go out on the
走上赛道做以前的事了 不行的  track and do the same old thing. It won't work
那就改变一下 试试新东西  then change it up. Try something new.
我不知道 莎莉  I don't know Sally
别怕失败  don't fear failure
要怕没有机会  be afraid of not having the chance
你有机会 医生当年没有  you have the chance. Doc didn't
你要么抓住机会 要么就继续这样  and you can either take it or you can do what you've been doing
连续几个月待在这里  sitting in here for month
对了 我喜欢你对这里的改造  and by the way I love what you've done with the place
怪兽电影灯 麝香味的空气清新剂  I mean the monster movie Lightning and the musky air freshener
别让别人告诉你你不能比赛  and don't let anyone tell you you're not working that primer
因为我从没发现你比现在更有魅力  because wow, I have never found you more attractive
我已经待在这臭气里好几分钟了  and now that I've been in here for a couple of minutes the stench
我都有点习惯了  I'm getting kind of used to it
好吧 莎 我明白  okay sal, I get it. I get it.
我想你 闪电 我们都想你  I Miss you Lightning. We all do
试试新东西  try something new, huh
成功了吗 莎莉小姐  Hey, did it work, Miss Sally?
你有用你律师般的说服力说服他吗  Did you set him straight with your lawyerly powers of persuasion?
他准备好开始训练了吗  Is he ready to start training?
臭贴纸  Well, stinky stickers.
我准备好了 板牙  Yes Mater, I am.
我的命运自己把握  I decide when I'm done.
我一直希望你能这么说  I was hoping you'd say that.
好 但我有个主意  Okay, but I got an idea
我需要跟锈锈和灰灰商量 好吗  and I'm gonna need to talk to Rusty and Dusty, all right?
我去给他们打电话 给他们打电话  Oh, I'll get them on the horn, yeah get them on the horn.
糟糕 要打喷嚏了  Oops, oh no, got a sneeze
该死 憋回去了  Dadgum, I lost it.
回见  Hey, I will see you through.
打出来了  I found it...
看路  Hey, watch your steps.
环形车道  with a circular driveway.
你们应该到这里来  You boys need to get your Rusty tails down here.
我以你的名字创造出了一种酒  I created a drink in your honor.
除锈灵保险杠酒  Yeah, the rust  eze medicated bumper balm
比板牙卖得还快  it goes down faster than El Mater following a bag off.
锈锈和灰灰 伙计们  Rusty and Dusty, hey guys.
你来了 很高兴见到你 闪电  Hey there he is, good to see you, Lightning.
谢谢 伙计们  Thanks guys.
大家都在这里  Wow, you are all here.
抱歉伙计 你是希望私下聊吗  Sorry buddy, did you want this call to be private?
不板牙 这样最好不过了  No Mater. This is perfect.
感谢大家…对我不离不弃  Listen, thanks everyone for... for sticking by me.
我花了些时间弄明白 但是  It took me a while to figure it out, but
我知道现在我是时候该做出些改变了  I know now it's time for me to make some changes.
改变 什么样的改变  Changes! What kind of changes?
该做什么就是他的改变  Which feel to do is his change man.
你说对了 辉哥    真的吗  You're right Fillmore    Really?
所以我要宣布一件事情  Which is why I have an announcement to make.
我做了很久的思想斗争  I've thought long and hard about it,
翻来覆去想了很久  done a lot of soul   searching and
考虑了所有的选择  considered all of the options,
最终决定了  and I finally decided,
你真的想继续比赛  You do want to keep racing?
开什么玩笑 我当然想继续比赛  Are you kidding! Of course I want to keep racing.
硬气一秒 等等 我一直都知道  Man for a second..., wait a minute... I knew that the whole time.
伙计们 我要创造新的赛季记录  Guys, I'm talking about making this my best season yet.
我们一直都希望你能这么说  We were hoping you'd say that.
问题就在于我要是想快过风暴  The thing is if I'm gonna be faster than Storm,
我就得接受他那样的训练  I need to train like him.
没问题  We hear you buddy.
闪电 我们希望你能一早 就来赛道  Lightning, we want you on the road first thing in the morning.
这样你就能看到崭新的除锈灵赛车中心了  So you can come out and see the brand new rust  eze racing center.
等等 什么 除锈灵赛车中心  Wait, what! rust  eze racing center?
没错 有所有高级排钟  Yeah, it's got all the fancy bells and
汽笛 孩子们这些天都在训练  whistles that the kids are training on these days.
我们会把导航发给迈克货车  We'll send Mackie boy all the directions,
赶快动身吧 好吗  now get moving, all right?
好  Okay.
当然  Yes.
你也来吧 我们有两组备胎  You too come, we offer two back of the tire.
麦坤 我们可以重头再来  Hey, McQueen we can race in primer man.
走吧  Come on, let's go.
雷蒙 太艺术了  Ramone, you have done it again.
简直就是轮上的西斯廷教堂  It's like the Sistine Chapel on wheels.
等着我吧 风暴  I am coming for you Storm.
欢迎回来 你看上去不一样了  Welcome back, you look different.
当然了  Obviously.
你看起来准备好了  You look ready.
奇诺来了 借过 借过  Guido, come. Excuse me. Excuse me. Coming through.
别带上那些菜鸟  Don't get those rookies in the trunk.
好的 再见  All right, bye.
搞定他们  Go get them tiger.
大伙佛罗里达见  I'll see you guys in Florida.
再见 麦坤  See you McQueen.
别忘了给我们打电话  Don't forget calling.
好运  Good luck in college.
莎莉  Hey Sal,
谢谢  thanks.
随时效劳  Any time.
好运    爱你  Good luck.    Love you.
更爱你  Love you more.
除锈灵赛车中心 我们来了  rust  eze racing center, here we come.
出发了  It's time to head.
除锈灵赛车中心  rust  eze racing center.
麦坤    麦坤  McQueen!    McQueen!
你看到风暴的最新记录了吗  Have you seen the latest record Storm's been setting?
你有考虑过退休吗  Have you given any thought to retirement?
够了 不接受提问 借过  That is enough, no questions, excuse me.
后退 后退  Back off! Back off!
不不不 谢谢你 再见  No, no, no, thank you. B ye bye.
奇诺 难以置信    狗仔 呸  Guido, can you believe them!    Paparazzi..Phew.
看起来不错吧  Looks good, doesn't it?
伙计们  Hey guys.
你觉得怎么样  What do you think?
我觉得怎么样  What do I think?
难以置信  It's unbelievable
也就是个舒适低调的小地方  Yeah, you know it's kind of a cozy humble little place.
伙计们你们是怎么做到的  Guys how did you ever do this?
你告诉他还是  You want to tell him or
我该告诉他吗    你先 你来 你来  should I tell him,    You start.Go ahead. Go ahead.
我们把除锈灵公司卖了  We sold rust  eze
什么  What?
什么 你觉得两个像我们这样的废柴能干成这个  What, do you think a couple of jabronis like us could do this on our own?
你们卖掉了除锈灵？  You sold rust  eze?
有个大好消息  It's all good news
我们明白你需要的东西 是我们给不了的  we just realized that you needed something that we couldn't give you
如果我们正值风华正茂  if I'm right the time was right for us too
我是说我们不如我们的外表那般年轻帅气  I mean we are not as young and handsome as we look
大实话  Oh, that's true.
再说了这个叫斯特林的家伙  Besides this Sterling fellow
他有你所需的高科技东西  he's got every high   tech thing you'll ever need
一切我们想给你但给不了你的东西  everything we wanted to give you but couldn't
斯特林 谁是斯特林  Whoa, whoa, Sterling! Who is Sterling?
闪电麦坤  Lightning McQueen
你干得很认真 搭档  You made some serious time partner
你的新赞助者  your new sponsor
他是东岸的挡泥板之王  he's the mud flap king of the eastern seaboard
欢迎来到除锈灵赛车中心  welcome to the rust  eze racing center
你不知道我有多期待这个  you have no idea how much I've been looking forward to this
谢谢斯特林先生…  thanks Mr...
拜托 不要叫先生了 直接叫我斯特林  Please, no Mr. Just Sterling
我一直都是你的粉丝 能做你的赞助商  I have been a fan of yours forever and to be your sponsor
实在是太棒了  how great is that
简直太感谢锈锈和灰灰了  I can't thank Rusty and Dusty here enough
顺便说下 谈判过程很艰难  tough negotiators by the way
你太恭维我们了 不过请不要停  oh   ho, you flatter us. But don't stop
不管怎样 我只想打个招呼  anyway, I just wanted to say a quick hello
请尽情享受  take as much time as you need
这里的大门随时为你敞开  doors are always open guys
看见没  see!
我肯定会想念为你们赛车的日子  Well, I sure am gonna Miss racing for you guys
知道吗 你给了我们很多回忆 闪电  you know, you gave us a lot of great memories Lightning
我们会永远记住的  memories we'll remember
哇哦 说得真好  wow that's good
你好 闪电  hey Lightning,
不管怎样 别像我兄弟那样开车  whatever you do. Don't drive like my brother
别像我兄弟那样开车  don't drive like my brother
你喜欢这个  so, you like it.
你好 斯特林先生  Oh, hey Mr. Sterling
墙上都是我的职业生涯  my career on a wall.
更棒的是你也没忘了博士  Nice of you included Doc
当然 他是你的导师  well, of course. He was your mentor
失去他是这项运动的一大损失  losing him left a giant hole in the sport
是啊  yeah
泥土罐    神圣的泥土  jars of dirt..    "Sacred" Dirt
每一罐都装有  each of those jars contains
博士在佛罗里达国际赛还有雷暴山谷中  dirt from all the old tracks the Doc raced on
跑道上的泥土  Florida international thunder hollow
就在我们外面的火球海滩路边  just down the road and our very own fireball beach right outside
那是…  hey, is that...
格伦艾伦的一点沥青  Bit of asphalt from Glen Allen
我第一次获胜  my first win
你真的是我的粉丝  you really are a fan
确实 我也是你未来的粉丝  I am and a fan of your future
你准备好了吗  you ready for it
当然  definitely
首先 我们给你来个更现代一点的造型  first let's get you into a more contemporary look.
这是件电子外衣  it's electronic suit
这可以让我们追踪你的速度和生命体征  with it we'll be able to track your speed and your vital signs
有听筒吗  does it have a phone.
别傻了 赛车没有窃听器  Don't be crazy race cars don't have bugs.
不错吧  Wow... not bad ha
太惊人了  this is really impressive
这个中心这么快就变成了  this center has quickly become
年轻赛车手最梦寐以求的地方  the most coveted destination for young Racers
有朝一日能培养出我们自己的赛车队  training to make our team someday
你将在这里训练直到你去佛罗里达  and it's where you'll train until you leave for Florida
跑步机 风洞 虚拟现实  treadmills, wind tunnels, virtual reality
还在研究中  still working on that
还有前所未有的最好的健身团  and the best fitness regiment anyone could possibly imagine
等等  wait! Wait!
那是模拟器吗  Is that a simulator
是的  oh yes.
闪电麦坤 我想向你介绍  Lightning McQueen I'd like to introduce you
价值数百万美元的 旗舰交互赛车模拟器  to the multi   million dollar flagship of interactive race simulation
XDL24超级加强版马克·C  the xdl 24 gts Mark c
XDL  the xdl!
杰克逊·风暴希望他有这个型号  Jackson Storm wishes he had this model
感觉和真的赛道一样  it is just like been on a real track to put your hours in
好吧 让我们的赛道热闹起来  okay, let's hit the track most
来吧 秀秀你们的本领  come on, show me what you got.
好快  Wow fast!
这位赛车手是谁  Who is the racer
不不不 她不是赛车手  no, no, no, no. She's not a racer
她是个训练员 科鲁兹拉米雷兹  she's a trainer. Cruz Ramirez
这行里最棒的训练员  the best trainer in the business
准备好碰面招呼他    打败他  ready to meet it, greet it    and defeat it
好了 调高转速  alright, now bring up those rpm s
我喜欢这劲头  I like the attitude..
我们称她为激励大师  Yeah..We call her a maestro of motivation
你现在又有点紧张了 罗纳德  you're driving a little tense again Ronald
没有 没有 我没事 我没事  no, no, I'm cool. I'm cool
练起来吧  do your exercise
我是蓬蓬云 我是蓬蓬云  I am a fluffy cloud.I am a fluffy cloud.
我是蓬蓬…云  I am a fluffy...cloud
这就对了  Here you go
你是朵云彩  you're a cloud
闭嘴 库尔特  shut up Kurt
困难来咯 库尔特 准备好了吗  here come the bugs Kurt you ready?
我这次没闭眼  Hey, I kept my eyes open this time
得看到赛道才行 不会吧  gotta see that track. Oh, no.
又想家了 伙计  Homesick again people
取得胜利  win for them.
她训练年轻选手来克服他们的障碍  Wow, she trains young Racers to push through their own obstacles
为每个人量身定做  tailor   made for each one
现在 她要训练你了  now, she's gonna work with you
动起来 动起来  let's go let's go
你们这些家伙要练好这些  you guys gotta work through this stuff
这样到手的机会才不会跑掉  so when your big chance comes along you could take
你好 科鲁兹  hey, Cruz.
你好 斯特林先生  Oh, hey Mr. Sterling
我想给你介绍一下  I'd like to introduce you
闪电麦坤  to Lightning McQueen
我听说你是个大师  I hear you're the maestro.
斯特林先生 你刚说闪电麦坤来了  Mr. Sterling, did you say Lightning McQueen was here?
但是我可没看见  Because I don't see him anywhere
可他就在这儿啊  uh, but he's right here
你看不到吗  do you not see him
还是没看到  nope still don't see him
就在你面前  it's right in front of you
这位就是闪电麦坤  it is Lightning McQueen
他明显是个冒牌货  he is obviously an imposter
他看上去又老又破  he looks old and broken   down.
说什么呢  Hey
松弛的轮胎  with flabby tires
才不是  I do not
就是这股劲  use that!
好吧 我知道我能从动机中获取力量  oh yeah, I see I can use that energy from motivation right
动机才是重中之重 麦坤先生  it's all about motivation Mr. McQueen
你能把消极当做燃料 让自己变得积极起来  you can use anything negative as fuel to push through to the positive
我从新手开始就很积极  ah, pretty positive ever since I was a rookie.
能训练你我真的万分激动  I am so excited that I get to train you
我是看着你的电视长大的  I grew up watching you on TV
是这样吗  ha, is that right
这些年轻小伙都很棒  these young guys are great and all
但是我喜欢有挑战性  but I like a challenge
并没什么挑战性  ha ha, not that much over.
事实上 我把你叫作我的高级计划  In fact, I call you my senior project
我们得活动下这把老骨头  we need to loosen those ancient joints
首先 是轮胎 向前  first, the wheels and forward
休息 向前 休息 跟我做 休息  and rest and forward and rest. Join me. Rest
休息  and rest
有必要休息吗  is all these resting necessary
我们慢慢来然后达到你的最佳状态  we will work in you slowly and reach for your ledge
达到你的最佳状态  reach for your ledge
现在 轮胎  now, wheels
向前进  to the front
那是什么 是你的赛道  what is there, its your lines
现在往后  now backwards
那是什么  what is there
我们什么时候上模拟赛道  when do we go in the simulator
早上好 麦坤先生 看起来不错  good morning Mr. McQueen looking good
这是干嘛  why
这样可以把油送到其他不常用的地方  this will get oil to places it hasn't been in a long time
那是集油盘吗  is that a drip pan
以防万一  just in case
你以为我有多老  how old you think I am?
想象自己沿着陡峭的山快速开下去  Visualize yourself driving fast down a steep hill
实战的时候我再回来  I'll be back in the field
想象…等等 等等 科鲁兹  visualize...! Wait! Wait! Cruz
想象什么  I feel what
我向上模拟赛道  I just like go on the simulator
感觉怎么样  how's it hanging
集油盘  drip pan!
第三天了 跑步机  Okay, day three. Treadmill
我设置了最大速来节省你们的能源  I've set maximum speed to conserve your energy
我希望你能想象你要打败这家伙  what I want you to do, is visualize beating this guy.
风暴    没错 超越他  Storm!    Uh   huh that's right get him.
战胜他 麦坤先生  Get him Mr. McQueen.
打败他  Get him
这时速只有五英里  this is only going like five miles an hour
等你午睡后我们会给你加速的  we'll work up to the higher speed right after you take your nap
午睡  nap!
我需要午睡吗  Do I need a nap!
我才不要午睡  I am not taking a nap
午睡还舒服吗 麦坤先生  how was your nap Mr. McQueen?
感觉很提神  It was kind of refreshing actually
这是要干嘛…  oh... okay what do you...Hey
你这些轮胎已经用了很久  you have been driving on tires a long time
你从没想过去了解一下他们  and you never stopped to get to know them
抱歉 你说什么  I'm sorry, what?
轮胎都是独立个体  Tires are individuals
你该给他们起个名字  you should give each a name
名字  name!
我才不要  I will not be doing that
我的就有名字 玛利亚 科瑞塔 罗纳尔多 黛比·理查森  mine are named. Maria, Quarita, Ronaldo and Debbie Richardson
什么    说来话长  what?    Long story
能把轮胎给我装回去吗 我想去模拟赛道  may I have my tires back so I can go on the simulator please
给他们起名字  name them!
小左 小右 小后 小后二世  Lefty, righty, backy , backy junior. Okay
这让你抓狂吗  Does this make you mad?
是的  Yes, it does.
用那招  Use that!
出现 再消失  Emerge and kneel.
出现 再消失  Emerge and kneel.
现在 你的轮胎磨损了  now, you got some tire damage.
多谢 科鲁兹 够了  Thank you, Cruz. I'm done.
麦坤先生 你去哪  Mr. McQueen, where are you going?
去未来  To the future!
好 来吧 我要怎么做 来吧宝贝  Okay, here we go. Here we go. How do I do this? Come on baby.
麦坤先生  Mr. McQueen.
科鲁兹 谢谢你如此极尽疯狂的老年人训练  Cruz, thank you for the old man training as crazy as it was.
我准备充分了 现在需要你启动这东西  but I'm warmed up enough and now I need you to launch this thing.
麦坤先生 拜托等到你可以掌控它吧  Mr. McQueen, wait until you can handle it please,
凡事没有捷径的  there are no shortcuts.
好吧 让我们看看吧  Okay, we'll just see about that.
好 我的明星赛车手在模拟器上了  All right, my star racer is on the simulator.
是的 我准备好了  Yes, I am.
让我们来看你跑一跑  Well, let's see you take it out for a spin.
马上 斯特林先生 公司的所有者  Right away, Mr. Sterling, owner of the company.
好吧 祝你愉快  Okay, have fun.
这就是我说的  This is what I'm talking about.
我还不知道有这种操作  Didn't know about those.
等等 你没说什么…这是在说话吗  Wait, what you didn't say... is it talking?
准备  The flag is out.
可我没看到旗啊 我要做什么  But I don't see the flag... what do I do?
冲 冲    冲吗  Go! Go!    Go?
好灵敏  That is sensitive.
你撞到了墙壁  You have hit the wall.
不会太难 对吧  It shouldn't be this hard, should it?
你撞到了墙壁  You have hit the wall.
你在和模拟器对抗 就像平时那样跑  You are fighting the simulator, just race like you always do.
你撞到了墙壁  You have hit the wall.
常规跑道可没这么多墙壁  There can't be this many walls in a regular track.
你已经被暴风杰克逊超越  You have been passed by Jackson Storm.
等等 暴风在这里  Wait, Storm is in here?
动力来了  The motivation.
暴风领先了2 07  Storm races at 2:07.
追上去 麦坤先生    我在努力  Pick it up, Mr. McQueen!    I am trying.
你撞到了墙壁  You have hit the wall.
麦坤先生从模拟器上下来 我们再训练  Mr. McQueen come down from there, we will work you up to this.
我没事 科鲁兹 我能做到的 好吗  I am fine, Cruz. I can do it, okay?
你越过了一道障碍  You have jumped a barrier.
你撞到了两辆车…  You have made two vehicles...
你撞坏了一辆救护车  You have disabled an ambulance.
你着火了  You are on fire.
危险 危险 你正在进入错误路段  Danger! Danger! You are going wrong way.
当心 关掉它 把这些东西从我身上拿掉  Look out! Turn it off! Turn it off! Get these things off of me.
你撞车了 你撞车了  You have crashed! You have crashed!
你没事吗    你撞车了  Are you alright?    You have crashed.
我撞车了  I have crashed.
你彻底洗干净了 麦坤  Your are all washed up, McQueen.
抱歉 什么  I'm sorry, what!
我说地板都洗干净了  I said floors all washed up and clean.
对哦  oh, right.
非常感谢  Thank you very much.
好运  Good luck.
闪电 快来 我要给你看点东西  hey, Lightning. Come on in. I got something to show you.
你准备好了  You ready?
看什么  For what?
你将要成为赛车界最大的品牌  You are about to become the biggest brand in racing.
我们说的可是  we are talking about saturation
全世界范围内的  on all continents for every demographic
电影交易 商业广告 产品代言  movie deals, in   commercials , product endorsements,
挡泥板  mud flaps,
当然 你会拥有超出想象的财富  of course, you will be rich beyond belief.
你觉得你已经有名气了吗  Do you think you're famous now?
我以为你会为模拟赛的事生气  I thought you'd be mad about the simulator.
我觉得这很不错 斯特林先生 但是  I mean this is all great, Mr. Sterling, I guess but.
我不确定 我从没想过自己会成为一个品牌  I don't know.I never really thought of myself as a brand.
不 是我吗 我可能是你最狂热的粉丝  Oh, no. Do I? I'm a fan maybe your most avid.
我把这视作你的遗产  I think of this as your legacy.
听起来像是你不再比赛后的事  It sounds like something that happens after you're done racing.
斯特林先生 这是要做什么呢  Mr. Sterling. What is this about?
闪电 我不会让你比赛  Look, Lightning! I'm not gonna race you...
什么 不让我比赛是什么意思  What!...what do you mean not racing me?
稍等 稍等  Hold on! Hold on!
我去不了弗罗里达  I'm not going to Florida.
闪电  Lightning!
你完全不知道 能让你来这我有多激动  You have no idea how excited I was to get you here,
因为我知道 我知道你会恢复状态的  because I knew, I knew you'd be back.
这会成为本年度的复出故事 但是  This gonna be the comeback story of the year but
你的速度和表现并不适合那里  your speed and performance just aren't where they need to be.
真抱歉  I'm sorry.
我们说的是模拟器上的速度  we're talking about speed on a simulator.
这听上去多荒谬  Listen how crazy that sounds.
听着 我在想办法帮你  Look, I'm trying to help you.
作为你的赞助商没问题 但是同时作为朋友  As your sponsor yes, but also as your friend,
你的比赛时光即将收尾了  your racing days are coming to an end.
你每次输掉比赛 都会对自己造成损耗  Everytime you lose, you damage yourself.
你是说破坏品牌形象吧  Damage the brand you mean.
闪电 拜托  Oh, Lightning. Come on.
你已经完成了比赛 现在该进入下一阶段  You've done the work now move on to the next phase,
得到回报  and reap the reward.
比赛就是回报 这些东西才不是  The racing is the reward not the stuff.
我不想赚钱  I don't want to cash in.
我想体验每小时200英里的快感  I want to feel the rush of moving 200 miles an hour
想要比别的车跑得快  inches from the other guys
让我自己能比我所想的还快  pushing myself faster than I thought I could go
那才是奖励 斯特林先生  that's the reward Mr. Sterling.
闪电 拜托  Oh, Lightning. Come on.
我能做到的 我能 我保证  Look, I can do this. I can, I promise.
我会像我和博士那样训练的  I'll train like I did with Doc
我会让我的轮胎放肆奔跑 整个佛罗里达都会留下我的印迹  I'll get my tires dirty on every turn track from here in the Florida
我可以在火球海滩上训练  I can start right there on
很多老赛车届高手在那里训练过  fireball beach where all the old greats used to race
让你的轮胎放肆奔跑  Get your tires dirty
这样你就能比暴风跑得快了  that's how you're gonna get faster than Storm
是的 就是这样  Yes! Exactly!
我是说好好训练  I mean sacred dirt, right.
斯特林先生 如果你在乎 我能传承  Mr. Sterling if you care about my legacy,
博士的传统  the one that Doc started
你就让我做吧 我保证我会赢的  you'll let me do this. I promise you I will win.
我不知道  I don't know
你要求的太危险了  what you're asking it's to risky
拜托 你喜欢我的计划的 我能看出来  Come on, you like it. I can tell
有点像卷土重来的感觉 对吗  it's got that little comeback story of the year feel to it, doesn't it?
就一场  One race
如果你没有赢了佛罗里达的比赛 你就退休  if you don't win at Florida, you'll retire
如果我没赢 起码也能替你的挡泥板有宣传  Look... if I don't win also I will hold the mud flaps you got
但如果我赢了 我就想做什么就做什么  but if I do win, I decide when I'm done
成交  Deal
成交  Deal.
谢谢你 斯特林先生 你不会后悔的  Thank you Mr. Sterling. You won't be sorry
一件事  Just one thing and this
只是因为我不喜欢冒险  is only because I don't like taking chances
你得带个人和你一起去  you're taking someone with you
你让他这么做的  You talked him into it
干得漂亮啊 麦坤先生  Way to go Mr. McQueen
科鲁兹    你那嘴能把死人说活了  Cruz!    You could talk a snowmobile into an air conditioner
你要和我一起去  You're going with me
还有那玩意  with that thing
对啊 你还需要我帮忙  Yeah, you still need my help
你就和化石一样脆弱  You're brittle like a fossil.
我不需要训练员 科鲁兹  I don't need a trainer out here Cruz
你上了年纪了  You're old
如果你跌倒在海滩上起不来了怎么办  what if you have fallen on this beach and can't get up
生活就是海滩 你只能行驶下去  Well, life's a beach and then you drive
太逗了 麦坤    谢谢  ha ha McQueen..    Thank you
真美啊  This is beautiful
我明白为什么斯特林先生说 你想在这训练了  I can see why Mr. Sterling said you wanted to train out here
这玩意一启动  As soon as this thing's booted up, we'll get
就可以把你放上去 测你的速度  you on the treadmill and I'll track your speed
什么 不要 来这里就是为了让我的轮胎能放肆奔跑  What! No! The whole idea is getting my tires dirty.
真正的跑 不是在那玩意上不接触沙子  Real racing not driving on that thing when I've got the sand
不接触大地的跑  and the whole earth
好吧    路易吉 就这么做吧  Oh, okay.    Luigi, let's do this
欢迎我们的赛车手来到火球海滩  Welcome a racer to fireball beach
今天的测速极具历史意义  historical for today's great test of speed
我们的重点就是远处那看不到的地方  Our finish line will be the abandoned appear in the distance
好了 比快更快 我就是速度的化身  All right, quicker than quick faster than fast, I am speed
自我激励的方法很棒  That is great self   motivation
你自己想到的吗    是的  Did you come up with that?    Yeah I did
各就各位 预备 跑  On your mark, get set! Go!
就是这样 感觉真爽  Here you go, felt good
我的速度是多少    不知道  Hey, what was my speed    I don't know
你只有在踏车上我才能测你的速度  I can only track you on the treadmill
不要踏车  No treadmills.
汉密尔顿怎么样    汉密尔顿在此  Oh, what about Hamilton    Hamilton here
谁是汉密尔顿  Who's Hamilton
我的电子个人助手 就像你手机上的一样  My electronic personal assistant you know like on your phone
你有手机的 有吗  You do have a phone, don't you?
赛车是没有手机的 科鲁兹  Race cars don't have phones Cruz
汉密尔顿 跟踪记录麦坤的速度并汇报  Hamilton! Track Mr. McQueen's speed and report it
追踪    我会尽可能近的跟着你  Tracking    I'll stay as close as I can
你的车身会将你的速度传给汉密尔顿  Your suit will transmit your speeds to Hamilton
好吧 无所谓了  Fine whatever
比快更快 我就是速度的化身  Quicker than quick, faster than fast I am speed,
好了 路易吉    各就位  Come on Luigi.    On your Mark
预备 跑  Get set and go
每小时46英里  46 mile per hour
53英里 超出测量范围 超出范围  53 miles.. Out of range out of range. Out of range
怪了  It's odd...
我走不动  I did not go
在沙滩上你得慢慢来  On sands you gotta ease into
点火 轮胎可以抓地 懂了吗    明白  your start or your tires can grab okay?    okay
你每天都和赛车在一起的 不是吗  You do work with race cars don't you
是啊 但从没来过外面  Yeah but never outside
好了 再来一次    出发  All right let's go again    go
每小时54英里    就是这样  54 miles per hour    Here you go
每小时75英里  75 miles per hour
超出范围 超出范围 超出范围  Out of range. Out of range Out of range
抱歉  Sorry
卡住了  Got stuck
再一次  Go again
出发  and go
抱歉  Sorry
出发  Go.
出发  Go.
这沙滩把我吞噬了  The beach ate me
好了 科鲁兹 在这片压实的沙滩上选条道  all right Cruz, pick a line on the compacted sand
没有摩擦力的话会失控的  you gotta have traction or you're gonna spin out
动身吧  let's do this thing
听你号令  on your Mark
开始  you try to go
时速134英里  134 per hour
超出范围 超出范围  out of range. Out of range out of range
又怎么了  now, what!
我不想撞到小螃蟹  I didn't wanna hit a crab
你在开什么玩笑    怎么了嘛 它们那么可爱  you gotta be kidding me.    what! It was cute
好了 开始前最后试一次  alright, one last chance we will try this before we get started
先慢慢转动轮胎紧紧抓地  now, your are gonna pick on slow to let your tires grab
好    然后在紧实的沙滩选条直道以防失控  yes! And pick a straight line on hard sands so you don't spin out
让所有的螃蟹…  and all the cabbies have gone night   night.
麦坤先生  Mr. McQueen
行了 开始吧  all right, let's go again
时速150英里  150 miles per hour
时速175英里  175 miles per hour
时速196英里  196 miles per hour
你终于做到啦  right, finally you made it
恭喜啦 我表现得还行吧  congratulations!, how did I do?
你最高时速才198英里    才198码  You topped out at 198    198 that's it!
还是比风暴慢  Still slower than Storm.
真是浪费了一整天    我不觉得  I wasted my whole day    I wouldn't say that
在这里真正地跑一场比赛感觉棒极了  it did feel great to be out here doing real racing
这才不是真正的比赛 我们在沙滩啊  this aingt real racing we are on a beach
就只能直着跑 我还能怎么快 除非  all you do is go straight. How am I gonna get faster if I don't.
雷暴山谷  Thunder hollow.
雷暴山谷  Thunder hollow
那里有一条泥巴赛道 这才是我需要的  there is a dirt track there, that's what I need
和真正的参赛者比    不行 太暴露了  to race against actual Racers    No... too public...
要是被媒体发现了 他们会蜂拥而上的  If the press find you, they would be like many many bugs on you.
狗仔队    兄弟们 我真的需要这个  Paparazzi... guys, I really need this
这就交给我吧 老大  hey, just leave it to me boss
我可是伪装大师  I am a master of disguise
雷暴山谷  thunder hollow.
完全认不出你了 先生  You sir are officially incognito
不用担心有车骚扰啦  nobody's bothering you
伟大的闪电麦坤  the great Lightning McQueen
我能感觉到 伙计们 今晚我将会东山再起  I can feel it guys, tonight is the night I find my speed.
各位选手 起跑线就位  Racers.. get over to the start lines.
好了 不用跑直线了 老套路来就行  All right, no more straight lines just a good old   fashion
嘿 你俩是外地的吗  hey now, you that out   of   towner
是的  yes that's me
我是查斯特·增压过滤王  Chester whipple filter
我是弗朗西斯·安全带  and I'm Francis beltline
科鲁兹 你在干什么    我是你的教练  Cruz, what are you doing?    I'm your trainer
我会在赛场里记录你的速度  I am gonna track your speed from the infield.
增压过滤王  Whipple filter
行吧 只要你跟得上  fine, just stay all the way
不好意思 先生 其他选手呢  excuse me sir? Where are the other Racers?
他们会跟着的  oh, they'll be along.
我们总会让我们的新选手跑在最前面  But we always let our guest start right up front
欢迎大家来到雷暴山谷赛道  welcome y'all to the thunder hollow speedway
今晚的赛道是  for tonight's edition of
疯狂8号赛道  crazy eight.
他说的是疯狂8号赛道吗  did he say crazy 8?
首先有请我们的踢馆选手  It is time to meet tonight challenger.
来漂移呀  Protect and swerve
科鲁兹 我没想到会这样  Cruz, this isn't what I thought it was
快 跟着我离开这儿  come on, follow me we'll slip out
规则第一条 大门一关就给我比  rule number one: Gate closes you race
等等 不行 我不是选手  wait, no no. I am not a racer
规则第二条 谁撑得最久谁赢  rule number two: Last car standing wins
规则第三条 这么合家欢的日子 不许骂人  and rule number three: No cursing it's family night
先生听我说    等等  excuse me sir    wait,
我只是个教练  no. I am just a trainer
下面有请我们从未战败的疯狂8号选手  and make way for the undefeated crazy 8 champion
毁灭天后 弗里特小姐  the diva of demolition, Miss Fritter
看呐伙计们 我们多了两个新面孔  look here boys, we got us a couple of rookies
我想叫你泥巴王理查德 而你是柠檬汁  I wanna call you muddy Richards and you lemonade
他们身上一道划痕也没有  hey, neither one of them has a single dent
让我来帮你们吧  oh, I am gonna fix that
好了各位  all right, every body
比赛开始  let's go racing.
我要开始大开杀戒啦  I am about to commit a moving violation
科鲁兹  Cruz
你在干嘛 你得动起来  what are you doing? You gotta keep moving
我不该待在这里的  I shouldn't be out here
动起来科鲁兹 快  move Cruz! Move!
我该怎么办 我不会漂移  What do I do? I can't steer
车身右偏 左打方向盘  turn right to go left turn right to go left
我完全不会啊    车身右偏 左打方向盘  that doesn't make any sense    turn right to go left
你好呀 帕蒂    你好呀 灰熊  hey Patty.. Oh, hi bear!
妈妈看呐 我会了  Look mom, I can drive
老天  oh, man.
真是个开车的好日子对吧    离我远点  Nice day for a drive, eh? Hey, buddy get out of my way
我在开车啊  hey, I am driving here.
看我的新帽子  Look at my new hat!
我起飞了 我降落了  I am flying no, I am not flying.
我接住啦  I got it
科鲁兹  Cruz
老兄 动起来啊  ah, buddy move it
车身右偏 左打方向盘  turn right to go left turn right to go left
来啊  come on
坐稳了各位  buckle up everybody
弗里特来了  it's Fritter time.
弗里特 弗里特 弗里特 弗里特  Fritter! Fritter! Fritter! Fritter!
我们爱你 弗里特小姐  We love you Miss Fritter!
科鲁兹  Cruz.
弗里特小姐倒下了  Miss Fritter is down
谁也别想碰他 他是我的  nobody touches him. He is mine
你要完了 增压过滤王  you will get down whipple filter
加油 麦坤 你可以的 加油  Come on, McQueen you can go, come on.
弗里特小姐起不来了 她可不太高兴  Miss Fritter's can get up right folks she is not pleased
你就要体会到  you about to feel the wrath of
乡下小镇校车们同仇敌忾的怒火了  the lower bell bell county unified school desperate
女士们先生们 冠军产生了  ladies and gentlemen we have a winner
弗朗西斯·安全带  Francis beltline
是我吗 是我 我赢了 我赢了  is that me, that's me I won I won
科鲁兹 科鲁兹 不…    小心  Cruz! Cruz! No no no no    watch out...
增压过滤王  Whipple filter
就是闪电麦坤  it's Lightning McQueen
雷暴山谷的观众们还在为  the fans here in thunder hollow still buzzing over
今晚闪电麦坤的意外光临议论不休  tonight's unexpected appearance of Lightning McQueen
他一直是我的最爱  he has always been my favorite
我的车库贴满了他的九十五张海报  my garage is covered from head to toe with 95 posters
那个  so.
奖杯挺不错的 不是吗  Trophies are kind of nice don't you think.
你都赢了几百个了 你当然知道了  I mean I know you got like a billion of them so you would know.
我还是不敢相信我赢了  I still can't believe I won
真闪亮 我从没这么近观察过  it's pretty shiny, I have never seen one up close
看起来他们砸了好多钱在上面 我觉得…  Looks like they spent a lot of money on it I mean I think it's real nut up
别说了 别说了 科鲁兹  stop! Just stop! Okay, Cruz
你根本不明白 一点都不明白  You don't even know you don't even have one clue.
我只是想…  Hey! I was just trying to...
你知道如果我这场输了 会怎么样吗  Do you know what happens if I lose this race
这场旅程都是为了能让我快过杰克逊风暴  Every mile of this trip was to get me faster than Jackson Storm
比他更快  faster.
我开始在模拟器上一点感觉都没有  I start off getting nowhere for a week on a simulator
又在火球海滩和你浪费了一天  I lose a whole day with you on Fireball Beach
今晚又浪费了 然后被弗里特小姐盯上  and then I waste tonight and then a crosshairs for Miss Fritter
我一个月前就卡在这个速度上  I'm stuck in the same speed I was a month ago
一点进步都没有  I can't get any faster
因为我忙着照顾训练我的人  because I'm too busy taking care of my trainer
这是我最后的机会 科鲁兹  This is my last chance Cruz
最后最终最后一次 如果我输了 就再没机会了  last final finito. If I lose, I never get to do this again
如果你是赛车  if you were a racer you'd
你会明白我的话 但你不是  know what I'm talking about but you're not
所以你不明白  so you don't.
麦大叔 停车  Mack! Pull over!
现在    马上  Now!    Now!
好吧 好吧 停车  Okay okay pulling over pulling over
问我有没有梦想着做麦坤的训练师  ask me if I dreamed of being a trainer Mr. McQueen go ahead
快问我 有没有在上学前 每天在黑夜中跑圈  ask me if I got up in the dark to run laps before school every day
问我有没有省吃俭用  ask me if I saved every penny
攒钱去买他们赛车比赛的门票  to buy a ticket to the races when they came to town
问我有没有那样做 好有一天成为一名训练师  ask me if I did that so that I could be a trainer someday ask me.
没有  No!
我想永远成为一名训练师  I wanted to become a racer forever
因为你  because of you.
我过去常常看电视上的你  I used to watch you on TV
飞跃苍穹  flying in the air
你看上去那样  you seemed so
无所畏惧  fearless
梦想别那么远大 科鲁兹  dream small Cruz
我家人过去常常这样说  that's what my family used to say
梦想低调点 或者不去梦想  dream small or not at all
他们只是想保护我  they were just trying to protect me
但我是镇上最快的孩子  but I was the fastest kid
我本打算向他们证明他们错了  in town and I was gonna prove them wrong
发生了什么  What happened
当我第一次参加比赛时  When I got to my first race.
我搞明白了  I figured it out
什么  what
自己并不属于那里  that I didn't belong
其他赛车看上去和我完全不同  the other Racers look nothing like me
他们更大 更强壮 器宇轩昂  they were bigger and stronger and so confident
他们点燃引擎时  and when they started their engines
就那样  that was it.
我知道自己永远成不了赛车  I knew I'd never be a racer.
我就离开了  I just left
那是我唯一一次机会  it was my one shot
我没把握住  and I didn't take it
所以  yeah so uh
我这就回训练中心  I'm gonna head back to the training center
你我都清楚这样最好  I think we both know it's for the best
我能问你一件事吗  but can I ask you something
你是什么感觉  what was it like for you
当你第一次参加比赛时  when you showed up to your first race
你怎么知道自己能做到  how did you know you could do it.
我不知道 我只是从来没想过做不到  I don't know, I just never thought I couldn't
那种感觉一定很不错  it was shiny with that felt like
祝你好运 麦坤先生  good luck Mr. McQueen
科鲁兹  Cruz
科鲁兹 等等  Cruz, wait.
连胜将军 路霸点评  Champion for the ages , Chick Hicks here
在路霸工作室为你现场直播  coming to you live from Chick Hicks studios
今天我们又请到了  where I'm joined once again
新生代赛车专家 娜塔莉·瑟特恩  by next   gen racing expert, Natalie Certain
谢了 路霸 活塞杯冠军杰克逊风暴  thanks Chick, Piston Cup champion Jackson Storm
今天创造了新纪录  set a new record today when
他打破了现存的最快圈速  he pulled off the fastest lap ever recorded.
前所未有的每小时213英里  an unprecedented 213 miles an hour.
你怎么想 瑟特恩  so what do you think Certain.
风暴男孩将以又一冠军开启新赛季  Stormy boy gonna start the season with another win.
很有可能 路霸  highly likely Chick.
根据他的近期速度  based on his recent run times
以及赛车日的预测跟踪温度  and forecasted track temperatures on race day.
风暴赢的概率为95.2％  Storms chances of winning are 95.2 %
那么低吗  that low huh.
也许你没注意到  oh and in case you missed it
今晚的赛道论点是闪电麦坤  talk of the track tonight is Lightning McQueen finding
另一种使自己难堪的办法  yet another way to embarrass himself.
撞车大赛  at a demolition derby whoa.
我差点要为他感到抱歉了 并不  almost makes me feel sorry for the guy. not really.
他的新赞助商会这么说  here's what his new sponsor had to say.
大家放松 95会参加比赛的  everyone relax, the 95 is gonna race.
闪电选了条不寻常的路来参加竞赛  Lightnings just taking a somewhat unconventional approach to this race.
这也是他的粉丝爱他的原因  it's one of the things his fans love about him.
是啊 他真是丢脸  huh yeah right. talk about humiliating.
我甚至懒得去佛罗里达露面  ahow, I won't even bother to show up in Florida.
也许这样最好 路霸  that could be for the best Chick.
即使他参加比赛  even if he does race.
麦坤赢的几率也只有1.2％  McQueen's probability of winning is 1.2 percent.
数字不会说谎 我今晚作出预测  numbers never lie. I'm willing to predict tonight
闪电麦坤的赛车事业一周内就会结束  that Lightning McQueen's racing career will be over within the week.
甚至可能现在就结束了  it might even be over now.
我早就知道他的事业卡在了…  I mean I knew his career was stuck in the...
什么  what's it.
好了 有人打断了天才  there we go, somebody's interrupting genius.
你好 兄弟  well, hey there buddy.
板牙  Mater!
我刚刚还在念叨你 这会你就看着我了  You know I was just thinking of you and here you are looking right at me.
你能看见我吗  you see me okay.
等一下 让我看看 好点了吗  wait a second, let me see here. Is that better?
直接看进了你的眼睛里 伙计  Looking you straight in the eye there pal.
抱歉这么晚打给你  hey sorry about calling so late.
对我来说可不算晚  not for me it's not.
我可是只夜猫子  I'm always burning that midnight oil.
和我说说最近发生了什么吧  so get me caught up on everything.
其实我挺想听听家里发生了什么  well, actually I am kind hope I might hear what's going on back home.
没发生什么 如果不算你  well, not much but if you don't count.
辉哥想运营轮胎店 告诉路易吉不用担心  Sergeant Fillmore trying to run the tire shop but tell Luigi not to worry.
辉哥会找到每个轮胎  Sergeant's gonna track down
即使是被送走的那些  every last tired it fell more done give away.
除此以外一切安好  other than that everything's good.
莎莉怎么样    她挺好的 在旅馆忙着呢  how is Sally?    oh she's fine, keeping busy at the cone.
她很想你  She misses you.
你上路时 我们都很想你  well shoot, we all do when you're on the road..
实际上 我最近一直在想  you know, I've been kind of thinking about that you know what
我不上路时 我们能干什么  what we should do when I'm not on the road anymore.
你说不上路是什么意思  what do you mean not on the road.
你也知道  you know.
板牙 我不可能永远干这个  Mater I can't do this forever.
我的培训没有任何进展  I'm just not getting anywhere with the training.
非要说的话 我也是更慢了  if anything I've gotten slower not faster.
兄弟 这会好起来的  shoot, buddy it'll work out.
告诉我问题是什么  just tell me what your problem is
我会陪着你 直到解决问题  and I'll stay right her with you till we fix it
问题是 我不知道  that's just it Mater... I don't know,
我感觉头脑一片空白  I feel like I'm all out of ideas.
好吧 让我想想  all right, let me think.
你知道我怎么办吗    什么  oh, you know what I'd do?    What?
我不知道 我没办法  I don't know. I got nothing.
遇到这些问题时 我也不是博士  I guess I aingt Doc when it comes to that.
要是能和他谈谈 我愿付出一切  I would give anything to talk to him right now.
然而再也没有比博士更聪明的人了  yep there was nobody smarter than old Doc.
也许除了教了他的人  well except for maybe whoever taught him.
等等 什么  wait, what?
我是说谁都有老师 不是吗  I mean everybody was taught by somebody right.
拿我表亲多特来说  take my cousin dort.
他教了我如何同时唱歌吹口哨  he taught me how to sing and whistled at the same time.
他在那方面非常有音乐天赋  he was very musical that way.
斯莫基  Smokey.
板牙 你太聪明了  Mater! You're brilliant!
秘诀就在于牙齿的形状  Uh well..It's all about shape of your teeth.
我得去托马斯维尔  I gotta go to thomasville.
好的 你知道我的  Oh well good. you know me buddy.
我很愿意帮忙  I'm always happy to help.
对大多数车来说 我都是个更好的父亲…  think I'm better dad to most folks, you know talk...
科鲁兹  hey Cruz.
你无法劝我放弃的 麦坤先生 我要回去了  you won't talk me out of this. Mr. McQueen. I'm going back.
我不做你的助理教练了  I resign as your trainer.
好的 我接受你的辞职 再见  All right, I accept your resignation, bye.
好吧  Uh, okay.
不过既然你没什么安排了  But since you cleared your calendar,
干嘛不跟我们一起去  why don't you come with us.
我在找一个叫斯莫基的车  I'm looking for someone named Smokey.
希望他能帮助我  Hoping he can help me.
或许他也能帮到你    不必  Maybe he can help you too!    Nah.
拜托 我修好了  Come on, I fixed it.
谢了 不过我就不必了  No, thanks anyways, but but I'm done.
好吧 但或许这个会让你改变主意 音乐起  Okay, but maybe this will change your mind, hit it.
让我来舒展舒展这把老骨头  First I'm gonna loosen up these ancient joints.
不 请别这样  No, please don't.
很抱歉 很抱歉我冲你吼了  I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry that I yelled
我差点被害死不是你的错  It wasn't your fault that I almost got killed
住嘴  Stop!
但现在你要离开不跟我们一起走  But now you're leaving and you won't get on the ramp
我去好了吧 别唱了  All right I will go, just stop.
你怎么知道斯莫基会来这里  How do you know Smokey is gonna be here?
我不知道  I don't.
那你知道不知道他是否还活着  Do you know if he's even alive?
不知道    好吧  Nope.    Okay.
那你告诉我  So tell me this.
你如何知道是斯莫基  How do you know if it's Smokey...
等等 麦大叔 停车  Wait, Mack, pull over.
后退一点 后退点  Back it up, back it up!
托马斯维尔赛道 51年冠军超凡哈德森大黄蜂之乡
见到你真好 博士  Good to see you, Doc.
那不是你以前的队长吗  Hey, isn't that your old crew chief?
科鲁兹 你想不想去看  Hey Cruz, do you want to check out
史上最棒赛车的家乡赛道吗  out the home track of the greatest racer ever?
我们不是要找斯莫基吗  Aren't we supposed to be looking for Smokey?
对了 他已经死了  Oh that's right, he is dead.
这可说不准  We don't know that.
你确定还有时间干这个吗  Are you sure you have time for this?
这个我确定  For this, I do.
托马斯维尔
活塞杯
斯莫基车库
这个赛道要是会说话就好了  Wow, if this track could talk.
科鲁兹 怎么样 来一圈吧  Cruz, what do you say, let's take a lap.
太棒了 你做的很棒  Yes, you nailed it.
没有死亡校车想害我们 还是很容易的  Way easy without the school bus of death trying to kill us.
可不是吗  Yeah, no kidding.
我觉得我从未见过你  I've started to think I might never meet you.
斯莫基  Smokey!
他还活着    我知道你为何来这里  He is alive.    I know why you're here.
你渴了  You're thirsty.
这么跟你说  I'll tell you what
见到蓝天家的人 他们会开心死的  these folks are gonna get a kick out meeting Hud's boy.
谁是蓝天？哦 蓝天博士 好吧  Who's Hud? Oh, Doc Hudson, right.
嗨  Hey.
表现好点 有人来了  Act civilized, we got company.
帅哥 欢迎来到托马斯维尔  Hey sugar, welcome to Thomasville.
你看到那边了吗    什么  Would you look at that?    What?
三大赛车传说在那里谈笑风生  Three of the biggest racing legends ever
朱尼尔·午夜月 里弗·斯考特  Jr. Midnight Moon, River Scott,
路易丝·暴风·纳什 她赢过38次  Louise Stormer Nash, she had 38 wins.
我居然亲眼得见 这不是闪电麦坤吗  Well as I live and breathe if it aingt Lightning McQueen.
纳什小姐 很高兴见到你  Miss Nash it's a pleasure to meet you.
你这一年过得不好 对不对  You had a tough year haven't you?
你现在不应该在弗罗里达比赛吗  Shouldn't you be running practice laps in Florida by now?
没错 但是    你来这窃听秘密  Yeah sure bu...    You're here to steal our secrets.
寻找丢失的运气  Looking for you lost mojo.
你们这里说话真直接 是吧  Wow, you don't mince words around here, do you?
说真话总是更直接 孩子  Truth is always quicker, kid.
她真是天使  She's an angle.
虽然不想承认  Don't wanna admit this,
但她之前很爱蓝天  but she used to have serious eyes for Hud.
是吗    就算是也没什么两样  Oh, really?    Even if I did it wouldn't have mattered.
蓝天不喜欢快的女人 所以我就出局了  Hud didn't like fast women and that left me out.
不 路不仅仅是快 她很无畏  No Lou wasn't just fast, she was fearless.
第一次看到机会我就知道自己必须参加  The second I saw my first race I just knew I had to get in there.
当然 当时的负责人不希望  Of course the fellas in charge didn't like the idea
女性赛车在赛道上出现  of a lady racer showing them up,
所以就不给我参赛编号  so they wouldn't let me have a number.
你怎么做的  What did you do?
我偷了一个    什么  I stole one..    What!!
我还是无法接受拒绝的答案 对吧里弗  I still short to take no for an answer, right River?
如果等邀请那我们可能永无比赛的机会  If we waited for an invitation, we might have never raced.
上了赛道 我们就再也不想离开  And once we got on the track, we didn't want to leave.
蓝天博士这是这样想  And that's how Doc felt too.
你该见见他当年刚来的时候  You should have seen him when he first came to town.
炫目蓝漆 不是随便的哈德森·大黄蜂  Shiny blue paint, not just a Hudson Hornet
当时他就叫自己 超凡哈德森·大黄蜂了  he was already calling himself the fabulous Hudson Hornet
我们后来就向他挑战    不久以后  Did we ever ride him on that.    Not for long.
蓝天是密西西比这边  Hud was the fastest race of
最快的赛车    直到他不再是  this side of the Mississippi.    Until he wasn't.
什么  What!!
直到新人出现 一切都变了  Everything changed when the Rookie showed up.
蓝天不费吹灰之力就超过了  Took Hud all at no time to work
南卡和北卡的最佳赛车  his way through the best Racers in both Carolinas.
超越里弗 路甚至是朱尼尔  Passed River, passed Lou, even Junior.
但还要超过那个新人  But there was still the rookie to deal with.
他试着把他撞到墙上  He tried slamming him into the wall,
但如果不想 蓝天绝不会碰到墙  but Hud never touched any wall unless he wanted to.
那个新人可没见过这样的绝技  That rookie never saw anything like that before.
博士这么棒    开玩笑吧  Doc did that!!    Oh are you kidding?
他为此可是得意了一周  Couldn't wipe the smile off his face for a week after that.
真希望见过当时的他  I wish I could have seen him like that.
什么  Like what?
那么开心  So happy.
你可不是来加油的吧  You didn't come all this way for a quart of oil, did you?
斯莫基 我需要你的帮助  I need your help Smokey.
什么样的帮助  Yeah, what kind of help?
我还不确定  That's just it, I'm not sure.
我只知道如果输了弗罗里达的比赛就完了  All I know is if I lose in Florida, it's it's over for me.
发生在博士身上的也同样会发生在我身上  what happened to Doc will happen to me.
他怎么了  What did happen to him?
赛车是他一生中最美好的 结束赛车生涯时  No, racing was the best part of his life and when it ended he...
我们都清楚从那时起那就变了个人  We both know he was never the same after that.
你想的就是这个  Is that what you think?
来 我给你看点东西  Come on, I want to show you something.
前半部分你说对了  You got the first part right.
撞车伤了哈德的身体 不能再赛车伤了他的心  The crash broke Hud's body and the no more racing broke his heart.
他把自己隔绝了起来 来到了水箱温泉镇  He cut himself off, disappeared to radiator Springs.
这个王八蛋50年没跟我说过话了  Son   of   a   gun didn't talk to me for 50 years.
终于有一天他开始说话了  But then one day the letters started coming.
张口闭口都是在说你  And every last one of them was about you.
哈德喜欢赛车 但是给你当教练  Yeah, Hud loved racing but coaching you...
我就没见这个老家伙这么开心过  I had never seen the old grump so happy.
赛车并不是哈德一生中最美好的  Racing wasn't the best part of Hud's life,
你才是  you were.
准备好出去透透气了吗    准备好了  Ready to go out for little carbon air, boy?    Yes, I am.
油门踩太猛都快开到郁金香里去了  Give it too much travel you in the tulip.
闪电 这个你可能会想要记录一下  hey, Lightning you might want to take notes on this one.
你很有天赋 孩子  You got a lot of stuff, kid.
哈德在你身上看到了你自己都没看到的闪光点  Hud saw something in you that you don't even see in yourself.
你准备好去认识自己了吗  Are you ready to go find it?
是的 先生  Yes, sir.
好了 好了  All right, all right.
第一课 你老了 承认吧  Lesson one: You're old. Accept it.
我跟他说过  I told him that.
他可能耳朵不大好使了  He is probably losing his hearing.
他说你老了    我听见了  He said you're old.    I heard him.
你永远都不会像风暴一样快  You'll never be as fast as Storm,
但是你可以比他更聪明  but you can be smarter than him.
好 我该怎么做  Okay, what do I do?
你说你参加了德贝冲撞大赛  You said you were in a demolition derby..
是的 特别恐怖    你确定吗  Yeah , it was terrible.    Are you sure?
你身上连一道刮伤都没有  'Cause there's not a scratch on you.
当一个赛车手没想太多的时候能做到什么  Funny what a racer can do when he's not overthinking things.
这里是佛罗里达国际大赛 我是主持人香农  Shannon spokes here at Florida international
杰克逊·风暴今天的竞赛速度达到了214迈  Jackson Storm clocked 214 miles per hour today.
你要想打败风暴 你需要一个替身  You want to beat the Storm, you need someone to stand in for,
就像陪练似的  like a sparring partner.
我不太确定 我不是赛车手  I'm not so sure. I not a racer,
我就是个训练员    加油 证明自己  just a trainer.    Go ahead and gun it
不加消音器的话 你连声音都像风暴  With no muffler, you even sound like Storm.
你要不行了 麦坤  Oh, you're going down McQueen.
把那个关节炎铁路行李箱放铁轨上  Get that arthritis rail keister onto the tracks, so I can
这样我就能把这帮老家伙打发回去了  put you into the old folks home against your will.
怎么样  How is that?
挺好使    对我是好使  That will work.    Work for me.
我就不用了    是 挺好使的  I'm good.    Yeah, that will do.
她刚才说什么…  What ever she says...
佛罗里达进行资格审查的时候你没来  You didn't show up in Florida for qualifying,
所以你只能最后出发  so you'll be starting dead last.
我给你三圈的机会超过她  I'll give you three laps to catch her
整场就跑三圈  Go through the entire field in three laps!!
你到底想不想打败风暴    当然想  You wanna beat Storm or not?    Yes, of course I do
那就出发吧  Well, then go!!
加油 孩子  Come on, kid
好吧 看来我们有活干了  All right, looks like we got some work to do.
快点 条件反射是第一个要过关的事  Look alive. Reflexes are the first thing to go.
我们为什么在赛场里  Why are we in a field?
从窗口穿过去  Sneak through that window.
什么意思    我也不知道  What is that mean?    I don't know!
出发  Go.
一点都不好玩 不好玩  Not cool man, not cool.
回来吧  Let's roll it back.
你还想不想离开这了  Do you even want to be out here?
就剩两天了 我们得加把劲了  Only two days left, yet we gotta work harder.
搞什么 那是谁  What the hell, who is that?
我把麦坤加里了 给你点真正的竞争  I put McQueen in there to give you some real competition.
哈德是能让其他车为他效劳的大师  Hud was a master of letting the other cars do the work for him
他以前常说 跟他打比赛  He used to say, playing to him
就仿佛你们是夏夜里的两只六月虫  is like you were two June bugs on a summer night
他那招是偷了我的  He stole that from me.
漂移？我从来不需要用那招  Drafting? I've never had to do that.
没错 那是因为当年你很快  Yeah, that's when you were fast,
现在你又慢    又老    还晃晃悠悠的  Now you're slow and old and rickety and...
好了 好了 我知道了  Okay, okay, I get it.
新的你要寻找 那些你未曾意识到的机会  The new you has to look for opportunities you never knew were there.
从窗口穿过去  Sneak through the window.
从窗口穿过去    什么  Sneak through the window.    What?
有窗户打开的话 抓住机会  When a window opens take it.
我成功了  I made it.
来吧 动起来  Let's go, let's move.
条件反射  Reflexes!
好了 吉多 来点真家伙    好的  Alright Guido, turn up the heat.    Ok
看看谁终于现身了  Alright, look who finally showed up.
这就是我们磨赛车牙的地方    在森林里  This is where we cut our racing teeth.    In the woods?
我们还是说月亮一直照耀着我们  Let's just say the moon was always shining on us.
如果没有月光照耀的话 我们就不用  If the moon didn't shine we didn't have to...
算了不说了  Oh, nevermind
我们追着月光跑 傻瓜  We ran moonshine, dummy!
还有 不开大灯 全凭直觉  By the way, no lights. Instinct only.
麦坤还没到？当年他还是新手时 不就玩过这招么  McQueen still not here, didn't he pull this when he was a rookie?
这是我爷爷告诉我的  This is my grandfather told me.
好了 我们还有时间再跑最后一场  All right, we got time for one last race.
快点 老大  Hurry this along, boss.
我们得把你送到佛罗里达    加油  We gotta get you to Florida!    Go!!
也许最好是他不来参赛  Maybe it's best that he doesn't show up,
你也知道上个赛季是什么结果  you know after how last season ended.
让我这么说好了  Let me put it this way.
我可不想因为想知道麦坤在哪儿 而浪费睡眠  I'm not losing any sleep wondering where Lightning McQueen is!
加油 加油  Come on! Come on!
快呀  There you go!
麦坤没劲了 麦坤没劲了 麦坤衰退得太快了  McQueen is fading! McQueen is fading! Fading fast!!
看到吗 真是不可思议  Did you see that? That was incredible.
抱歉 我不是故意要…  Uh, sorry. I didn't mean to...
老大 该上路了  Hey boss, it's time to hit the road.
我想感谢各位帮助我训练  Yeah, I wanna thank everyone for the training.
我们该去佛罗里达了  We better get going to Florida.
欢迎参加赛车盛会  Welcome to racing's greatest day
我们在佛罗里达海滨的国际赛车道  We're beachside at the Florida international speedway
宣布新一季的活塞杯比赛开幕  to kick off a new season of Piston Cup racing
这里是佛罗里达500  It's the Florida 500.
43辆汽车在数百万粉丝的期待中  43 cars in a quarter million fans
迎来了今天紧张刺激的竞赛 这是战略和技巧的竞赛  await today's intense contest of strategy, skill,
当然更是速度的竞争  but most of all speed.
盛大的赛车之日就要来临  This crowd is in for one great day of racing.
我是鲍勃·卡特拉斯  I'm Bob Cutlass joined as
在我身边的仍然是我的广播伙伴达雷尔·车旅  always by my broadcasting partner Darrell Cartrip,
以及分析师娜塔莉·瑟特恩  and stat sensation Natalie Certain.
我从来没见过风暴他们  I've never seen the numbers
今天这样的阵势 鲍勃  lineup for Storm like they do today, Bob.
风暴获胜的可能性最高有96.8%  Storm should be ninety six point eight percent unstoppable.
也别小瞧了闪电麦坤  Well, don't overlook Lightning McQueen.
惠普尔过滤器  Whipple filter.
我们听到传闻 麦坤来这儿前通常会接受训练  We've heard stories of the unusual way McQueen trained to get here.
现在的问题是 有没有效果呢  Now the question is did it work?
速度 我就是…速度？  Speed. I am... speed?
老大 他们叫选手们上赛道了  Hey boss, they are calling the Racers to the track.
杰夫·格威特 今天的人才储备怎么样  Jeff Gorvette, how does today's talent stack up?
我想我们今天会有好事的 这些选手…  Oh I think we're in for a treat today. These Racers...
麦坤 为我们这些老家伙赢一把    会的 杰夫  Hey McQueen, win one for us old guys..    Will do Jeff...
大家好  Hey guys.
贴纸    莎莉  Stickers.    Hey, Sal,
你好吗    当然  Are you okay?    Yeah yeah..
非常好  Absolutely.
听着 你今天一定会表现得很棒  Listen, you're gonna do great today.
不管发生什么  And no matter what happens,
我都会向下个新人投怀送抱 忘记我认识过你  I'm gonna move on to the next rookie and forget I ever knew you
真高兴你在这儿  I'm glad you're here.
穿得真漂亮 过来一起拍个照  Wow, nice costume. Come here. Let's get a picture.
见到我的头号粉丝真是太棒了  It's so great to meet my number one fan.
真是个混蛋  What a jerk!
她不是粉丝 风暴    是你啊 冠军  She's not a fan, Storm.    Oh, hey there champ.
听说今天之后你就要去卖挡泥板了 真的吗  I heard you're selling mud flap after today. Is that true?
你要让我做你的第一个客户 好吗  Hey you put me down for the first case okay.
闪电麦坤  Lightning McQueen!
闪电  Hey Lightning!
斯特林先生  Hey Mr. Sterling!
敬未来 如何 冠军  To the future. Hey champ?
好 敬未来  Yeah, to the future.
只要集中精力想你在这里要做什么 孩子  Hey... just focus on what you're here to do, kid.
谢谢 斯莫基    去让哈德骄傲吧  Thanks Smokey.    Now, go make Hud proud.
没问题  You got it.
闪电麦坤从比赛开始 一直在稳步加速  Lightning McQueen is making steady progress in the early parts of this race.
这速度赶超风暴可不够    既然他一开始是垫底  It won't be enough to catch Storm.    Considered he started dead last,
我想他应该不会再差到哪儿去  I don't think he's doing half bad out there.
保持下去也不算太坏 你会进前十名的  Not too shabby keep this up, you'll finish in the top ten.
前十名可不行 斯莫基  Top ten is not going to cut it, Smokey.
我必须要大获全胜  I got to go all the way.
那就好好回忆你训练时的细节  So dig in remember your training,
找到风暴 赶超他  find Storm and chase him down.
告诉他 他有三圈可以抓住我  Oh tell him he has three laps to catch me
科鲁兹说 你有三圈可以抓住她  Cruz says you've got three laps to catch her.
好 替我谢她  Okay. Tell her thanks.
科鲁兹 你在这干什么呢  Cruz, what are you doing here?
斯特林先生 我只是在…  Oh Mr. Sterling, I was just...
你给我马上回训练中心  I would like you to head back to the training center right away,
可为什么呢  Oh! But why?
我要你去让库尔特准备参加下周末的比赛  I need you to get Kurt up to speed for the race next weekend.
等等 不要库尔特 他太烂了 换一个 罗纳德吧  Wait, not Kurt. He's the bug guy, right? The other one, Ronald.Yes
我想在这儿看比赛    这可不行 科鲁兹  I want to stay and watch.    That's not gonna happen, Cruz.
快走吧    可麦坤先生还有机会…  Now go.    But Mr. McQueen still has a chance...
快去干你的活  Just go do your job.
是 先生  Yes, sir.
把那个扰流板和赛车轮胎拿下来  And take off that spoiler and those racing tires.
你看上去真可笑  You look ridiculous.
记住你是个训练师 不是选手 不是选手  You are a trainer, remember not a racer! Not a racer!
如果你是选手  If you were racer,
你就该懂我在说什么 可你不懂  you'd know what I'm talking about. But you're not.
所以别犯傻了  So you don't
不不不 她不是选手 她是训练师  No no no, she's not a racer she's a trainer.
因为你 我想成为一名赛车选手  I wanted to become a racer forever, because of you!
这是我唯一的机会 但我没有抓住  It was my one shot and I didn't take it. It was my one shot I didn't take it
进入第二圈 进入第二个转弯 坚持 坚持  Break in two! Break in turn two! Hold on! Hold on!
孩子 你还好吗  Kid, are you okay?
斯莫基 我需要科鲁兹    现在别管那个  Smokey, I need Cruz.    Never mind that now.
不 我要她马上回来 让她回来  No, I need her back here now. Get her back
危机仍未解除…  Yellow flags still out folks...
哈密尔顿 这有个来自查斯特·增压过滤王的通话  Hamilton here call from Chester whipple filter.
查斯特 麦坤先生  Chester! Mr. McQueen!
绿灯亮起  Well the green lights on
场内赛道开放了 所有车都进来了  pit road is opening and everybody's coming in.
准备好各位 路易吉 吉多 轮胎 费尔默 汽油  Get ready guys Luigi, Guido   tire, Fillmore   fuel
我来了 怎么样了  Okay, I'm here. What's going on?
不 不是我 是她    她回来干什么  No, not me... her!    What is she doing back there?
快点 伙计们 快给她装备好    等等 怎么回事  Come on guys, get her set up quickly.    Okay, wait! What's happening?
雷蒙 带了画笔吗    当然  Hey Ramone, got your paints?    You know I do.
等等 你们在干什么  Wait! Guys! What are you doing?
我不明白  Man. I don't understand it.
那里是麦坤的位置 肯定有哪里不对  McQueen's just sat there. Something's got to be wrong.
麦坤先生    今天是你的好日子 科鲁兹  Mr. McQueen!    Today's is your day, Cruz
你将把握机会 一战成名    什么  you're getting your shot    What!
这场比赛由我开跑 也将由你结束  I started this race and you're gonna finish it
什么 她会砸了牌子的 她只是个训练生  What! She will damage the brand. She's just a trainer
不 她是个赛车手  No, she's a racer.
只不过我花了点时间才看出这一点  Just took me a while to see you.
这不合法  That can't be legal.
规则只说了号码不得变更  The rules only said the number has to be out there,
没说穿戴号码的车不可以    你不能这么做  doesn't say who has to wear it.    No, you can't do that.
我有告诉过你我有多喜欢你的挡泥板吗  Hey, did I ever tell you how much I love your mud flaps?
别挡路  Get out of my way!
我就给自己备了美容挡板 教堂挡板…  Well, I got my the facial flaps, the church flaps...
加油同志们 我们一定要让她上场 快啊  Come on guys, we gotta get her out there, let's go.
检查燃料    良好  Check fuel!    Checked!
拉蒙  Ramone!
就这么点时间 我尽力了 老大  Best I could do in the time frame boss.
不错 很好  Yeah, that'll work.
你为什么要这么做 是你自己说的  Why are you doing this! You said it yourself.
这可能是你最后一次机会了  This might be your last chance.
也是我最后一次让你崭露头角的机会 科鲁兹  Which makes it my last chance to give you your first chance, Cruz.
这次 我希望你能把握住机会  This time I want you to take it.
她会把那个领头的超过去的  She's got a beat that pace car out.
不行 不行 你不能这么干  No, no, no, you can't do that.
过了这村儿没这店儿了  Now or never.
你怎么想  What do you say
二十五迈的速度比较合适我    我知道  25 miles per hour fits me.    I know that.
闪电麦坤的队伍 换上了另一辆持95号的车  Lightning McQueen's team has headed a different car supporting the 95.
真不敢相信我都看到了什么  I don't believe what I'm seeing.
你有在看吧  You're watching this right?
什么 穿制服的那女的  What? the girl in the costume.
开玩笑吧 他居然让她上场  You'e kidding me! He put her in the race!
比赛继续 我们继续关注  The green flag is out, and we are back to racing.
科鲁兹 你干什么呢 加油 集中精神  Cruz, what are you doing? Come on, pick it up.
你得再跑快点 好吗  You got to go faster, okay.
叫她弗朗西斯·安全带  Call her Francis beltline and
告诉她 死亡校车在追她  tell her the the school bus of death is after her.
什么 我不要    相信我  What! No!    Trust me.
弗朗西斯·安全带 死亡校车在后面追你哟  Francis beltline, the school bus of death is after you.
什么 好的  What? Oh..., right
好吧 这招倒是新鲜  Okay, that was different.
科鲁兹 你表现得太紧张了  Cruz, you are looking too tight now.
拜托 放松点  Come on, loosen it up!
跟她说她是一团松软的云  Tell her she is a fluffy cloud.
什么 才不要    斯莫基 快说  What! No!    Smokey, tell her.
科鲁兹 你就是一团松软的云  Cruz, you are a fluffy cloud.
好的 太紧张  Oh, right... too tight.
我是松软的云 我是松软的云  I am a fluffy cloud! I am a fluffy cloud!
你刚进入弯道了  You just pick the turns.
科鲁兹 心思要放到比赛上  Cruz, get your head in the race.
别别别 等下 等下  No, no, no, wait, wait, wait!
告诉她 她正在海滩上  Tell her she's on a beach and
所有的出租车都回家过夜了  all the little cabbies have gone night   night.
不要 我才不说 要说你说  No. Aingt saying that. You tell her.
好了科鲁兹 想想海滩 我让你想想海滩  All right, Cruz. The beach, I need you to think of the beach.
麦坤先生    对对 是我 回想海滩  Mr. McQueen!    Yeah, yeah, it's me. Remember th beach
选好赛道 不要跑偏 懂了  Oh, pick a line! Stick to it! I got it.
好 还不赖嘛  All right, not too bad.
实战跟模拟一点都不一样  This is nothing like the simulator.
你需要的一样不缺 想想托马斯维尔  You got every toy in need. Remember Thomasville.
托马斯维尔    对 从窗户溜进溜出  Thomasville?    Yeah, sneak through the window.
现在我明白了  Now that, I understand
从窗户溜进溜出  Sneak through the window.
我刚刚得知  I am just learning that
替换麦坤的选手是科鲁兹·拉米雷兹  the racer replacing McQueen is Cruz Ramirez
这是她的处女赛  This is her very first race.
其实 达雷尔 资料显示她确实有赢过一次比赛  Actually, Darrell, it says here she does have one win under her belt
比赛地点叫做雷暴山谷  at a place called Thunder Hollow.
雷暴山谷 雷暴山谷  Thunder Hollow! Thunder hollow!
明白  Got it!
注意前方 会偏向高处  Right! Watch out that for, it's gonna go high.
往下 往下  Go low! Go low!
干得漂亮 这帮人跟你一比逊爆了  Nice job, you are smoking these guys.
现在 注意三号发射器  Now, watch the tire marvel's launcher three.
保持轮胎整洁    好的  Keep your tires clean.    Okay.
撞击 进入内道  Bump, coming up on the inside.
小心 不要飞起来  Careful, you don't go airborne.
现在吗    对 就现在  Now?    Yes. Now!
小心墙边 那里有点滑  Watch out by the wall,it's a little slick there.
小心 小心  Watch it! Watch it!
你上了墙  You have hit a wall.
你刚刚上了墙  You have hit a wall!
只是燃起了斗志  Just being aggressive.
进入检修站 注意转数    好的  Hey, come on into the pit, watch your RPM.    Okay.
放开油门 踩刹车 踩刹车啊  Get off the gas, on the brake, on the brake!
太快了  Too fast.
回来就好    抱歉  Oh, we're back here.    Sorry.
好 超过他们 一个个超车  Alright, pick them off, one at a time.
上 上 上  Go! Go! Go!
就这样 又稳又直  That's it! Nice and straight.
上啊 上啊 上啊  Go! Go! Go!
斯莫基 你看到没  Smokey, are you watching!
告诉你一声 拉米雷兹就要追上你了  I just want to let you know, Ramirez is moving up toward you.
我干嘛要关心    因为她已经挤进前十了  Why should I care?    Because now she's in the top ten.
现在你就要追上领跑的车了  Hey, now you are coming up on the leaders.
拉米雷兹升至第四  Ramirez up the fourth.
第四了  In fourth! Huh...
超过他  Oo hoo. Get it done...
拉米雷兹升至第三了  Ramirez is in the third.
你在干什么 风暴  What are you doing, Storm?
制服女孩  Hey, costume girl
一开始我看到你入场比赛 还以为你是定位坏了迷路了呢  You're at first I thought you were down here because your GPS was broken.
别听他的 科鲁兹  Don't listen to him, Cruz.
你看上去不错 知道表面光鲜很重要  You look good. it's important to look the part.
总不能让大家觉得你没资格来参赛  You can't have everyone thinking that you don't deserve to be here.
他只是想惹毛你  Just trying to get in your head.
人们不需要知道我和你的出身和经历  They don't need to know what you and I already do.
你想打扮成什么样的赛车都没关系  That you can play dress   up all you want,
但你永远也成不了我们这样的赛车手  but you'll never be one of us.
科鲁兹 你发现出什么状况了吗  Cruz, did you see what happened there?
发现了 他…他干扰到我了    不对  Yeah, he's in... he's in my head.    No, no.
听我说 你得去干扰他 明白了吗  Listen to me! You got into his head, don't you understand?
你威胁到他了 所以他才故意损你  he would never have done that if you didn't scare him
什么    他怕你赢 你自己还没意识到吧  what!    He see something in you that you don't even see in yourself
我相信你 你也要相信自己  you made me believe it. now, you gotta believe it too
你是赛车 尽情发挥  you are a racer! Use that!
她掉哪儿了    你屁股后面  How far back is she now?    Look behind you!
什么    晚上好 风暴  What!    Good evening, Storm!
我只是挂在你后面  I am just back here graging on your butt
不用担心  nothing to be concerned
就像夏夜的两只金龟子  like two June bugs on a summer night
汉密尔顿    汉密尔顿在  hey, Hamilton!    Hamilton here!
现在时速多少    208英里 207英里  How are my speed?    208 mile per hour, 207 miles per hour
别闹 你把我拽偏了    活该    加油 科鲁兹  stop that! You are taking me off the line!    Ah slap,    come on Cruz
我导航说前方道路堵塞  my GPS say that there's slow travelling in my way
不 不 你休想赢  no no no you are not wining it!
你急了    我没急  You are angry!    I am not angry!
你急你倒是冲啊    说了我没急  You can use that anger to push through    I said I'm not angry.
休想超车  I don't think so
科鲁兹 快脱身    你不属于这条赛道  Cruz, get out of there!    You don't belong on this track!
没错 我属于  yes, I do!
难以置信 科鲁兹拉米雷兹竟然赢了  I don't believe it! It's Cruz Ramirez for the win
真没想到  I didn't expect this
科鲁兹拉米雷兹  Cruz Ramirez
干得漂亮 科鲁兹  way to go, Cruz
精彩至极的胜利  man, heck of a win!
没错 精彩至极  Yeah, heck of a win!
科鲁兹 你飞起来了    谢谢  Hey Cruz, you were flying!    Thanks
你今天真是超棒超酷    谢谢  you really had it roll today, that was cool    thank you
科鲁兹 你灯亮了    是吗 骗我呢 真是的  hey Cruz, your blinkers are on.    It is? You got me! Very funny
去吧 燥两圈  go ahead... get them some smoke
你会习惯的  you'll get used to that
让开 快让开  come on, move it! Move!
科鲁兹 我就知道你有本事 瞧瞧你  Cruz, I knew you had something and now look at you
冠军啊 我可以让你成为队里的赛车  a winner. I could use you as a racer on our team.
我们…    抱歉 斯特林先生  We...    Sorry Mr. Sterling,
我不想为你打工了  I would never race for you.
我辞职  I quit
那来我们队吧  well then race for me
特克斯    科鲁兹小姐  Tex,    Miss Cruz I would be
如果你能来恐龙石油车队 我可要高兴坏了  tickled pink to have you race for team Dinoco
我们历来有许多优秀赛车  as you know we have a long history of great Racers
当然除了卡尔    呃 伙计们 我还没走人呢  except for the Cal. oh guys, I am still right here
恐龙石油啊 科鲁兹    雇她好了 我不在乎  team Dinoco Cruz!    Hire her I don't care.
闪电 既然你退休了  Lightning now that you're retired,
周一早上就过来拍照  I need your first thing Monday morning for a photo shoot
知道了 斯特林先生  yeah all right Mr. Sterling
等一下  oh, hang on now
什么 我名字怎么也跑上面了  what! Why is my name up there!
比赛是你起头的 规则如此  You've started the race that's how it works
等等 怎么回事 不  wait! What! We will, no!
如果闪电麦坤赢了  If Lightning McQueen wins,
就由他决定什么时候退休 这是交易  he decides when he's done racing that was the deal
你好 我是他的律师    所以说你不厚道  hi I'm Miss...    that was the deal you are not a nice guy little
老板 有句说句  look sir, I gotta say,
你可是好价钱弄了个挡泥板啊  you do make a quality mud flap in an affordable price
斯特林先生 我们边开边聊吧  hey Sterling, why don't you and I take a drive and talk...
亿万富翁之间的  Billionaire to billionaire
这孩子有两下 对吧博士  kids got a lot of stuff, huh Doc?
因为她有位好老师  Well she had a great teacher
既然现在你可以决定何时退休  and now you get to decide when you're done racing
之后打算干什么呢 臭臭 哦不 贴纸  so what's it gonna be stinky uh stickers
当然是继续赛车  I'm gonna keep racing but
不过在那之前 我有想做的事  before that I have something I want to do
欢迎来到著名的威利山丘  welcome all to historical Willy's butte
让我们来见证速度的奇迹  for today's great exhibition of speed
谢谢各位    漆喷的漂亮 孩子  thanks guys    nice paint, kiddo
借过 干得漂亮 51  hey hey, coming through get it done 51!
很棒的号码 是闪电麦坤的主意  Great number it was McQueen's idea
他觉得哈德也一定赞同  he felt Hud would've wanted you to have it
我喜欢    完美 非常老派  I love it    oh it's perfect it's very old   school
有人提到老派了啊  did someone just say old school!
超凡麦坤
致敬蓝天博士
新花样啊 我喜欢  you are trying something new I like it.
哇哦 真狡猾  Wow subtle!
我觉得 既然我是领队 当然要有型  I figured if I'm gonna be your crew chief I'd better do it in style
斯特林先生会怎么说  what's Mr. Sterling gonna say
我其实更担心特克斯会怎么说 考虑到他买下了除锈灵公司  I'm actually more worried about what Tex is gonna say, considering he bought rust  eze
谢啦 特克斯  thanks Tex!
我给了那个斯特林好大一笔钱呢  I made that Sterling fella a Texas   sized offer
准备好训练了吗  so, ready to start training!
我不知啊 你准备好输了吗  I don't know you ready to lose again.
但愿你的蓬蓬云还好使  Oh, I hope you got your fluffy cloud
你的滴油盘呢  I hope you got your drip pan!
滴油盘带着 精神百倍呢  I got my drip pan and I'm taking my nap
放马过来吧老家伙    路易吉  bring it on old man..    Luigi!
出发  Go!
别走开 后面有彩蛋哦