奇幻森林。the jungle book
这森林里有许多离奇的故事  Many strange tales are told of this Jungle
但最离奇的…  but none so strange
就是我们叫他毛克利的人孩的故事  as the tale of the cub we call Mowgli.
你绝对是我见过的最差劲的狼  You must be the very worst wolf I've ever seen.
可是 要是那根树枝没断 我应该能逃掉  Yeah, but if that branch didn't break, I would've made it.
逆风而动 脱离族群  Crossing upwind, breaking from your numbers.
如果你不学会跟狼群一起行动  If you can't learn to run with the Pack
你会变成别人的盘中餐的  one of these days, you'll be someone's dinner.
我们怎么样？ 不算毛克利  How'd we do?  Not Mowgli, again.
反正他也进不了议会  我们走  He's never gonna make the Council.  Let's go!
去第一议会  Race you to the top!
我占据了制高点  It was higher ground.
狼是不会躲到树上的  Wolves don't hide in trees.
我跟不上他们 巴西拉  I can't keep up with them, Bagheera.
我尽力了 可惜我爬错了树  I tried. I just picked the wrong tree.
那是棵死树  It was a dead tree.
我怎么知道它是死是活  How was I supposed to know it was dead?
那树上有无花果藤  It had a fig vine.
凡是被匍匐枝缠绕的树 不是死了 就是快死了  Any tree girdled by a creeper is either dead or close to it.
这些都是狼必须要知道的  是啊  These are things a wolf must know.  Yeah.
但是那根树枝不断 我应该能逃掉  But if the branch didn't break, I would've made it.
我知道你不是生下来就是狼  I realise you weren't born a wolf
可你不能表现的像一点吗？  but couldn't you at least act like one?
很多年前  When I found him
当我发现他的时候  many years ago
他只是个被遗弃在森林里的婴儿  he was just an infant, abandoned in the woods.
抓住那只鹿  Get the deer!
我很清楚 如果他想活下来  If he was going to survive
就必须得有个族群  I knew he needed a people.
一个可以保护他的族群  A people to protect him.
所以我就把他托付给了狼群  That's why I entrusted him to the wolves.
看来不错 孩子们  Look well, wolves.
阿克拉 是个公正高尚的首领  Akela was a just and noble leader.
他允许毛克利跟族群 生活在一起  He allowed Mowgli to dwell among them, all those years.
但问题是小狼们长速惊人  The trouble was, wolves grew so fast
可毛克利呢  and Mowgli
这么说吧 他长得真可以说是不慌不忙  let's just say he liked to take his time.
毛克利 把我举高高吧  Mowgli, pick me up high!
轮到我了  别这样 现在不行  My turn!  Stop. Not now.
拉克莎把他抚养长大  It was Raksha who raised him.
她是毛克利毛克利认为的母亲  She was the only mother he ever knew.
来吧 我们一起玩吧  我不想玩 格雷  Come on, let's play!  I don't feel like playing, Gray.
你是我的兄弟 必须得跟我玩  Come on, you're my brother. You have to play with me.
我们去追老鼠吧  Let's go chase some mice.
今天怎么样？  How did it go?
他又抓住我了  Caught me again.
如果这是注定的  If it's meant to be
就一定会发生  it will be.
背一遍法则我听听  Let me hear the Law.
本法则是森林法则  "This is the Law of the Jungle
如上苍一般古老 正确  "as old and as true as the sky.
遵循的狼将繁荣昌盛  "The Wolf that keeps it will prosper
违反的狼必遭致灭绝  "but the Wolf that breaks it will die.
似匍匐植物 缠绕树干  "Like the creeper that girdles the tree trunk
森林法则也左右不离  "the Law runneth over and back.
群体之力汇聚自孤狼  "For the strength of the Pack is the Wolf
"孤狼之力来源于群体"  "and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack."
很快降雨停止了  Soon, the rain ceased to fall
干旱开始了  and the dry season arrived.
热浪在森林里蔓延  Heat crept through the Jungle
把森林变成了黄色  turning it yellow
棕色  then brown
黑色  then black.
可那一年  But that year
是所有记忆中最干旱的一年  was the driest season that anyone could remember.
甚至连摩瓦树都没开花  Even the mohwa didn't flower.
我的叶子  My leaf.
我的 我的 我的 我的  This is mine. Mine, mine, mine.
这是石头 是泥巴 真是泥巴  There's a rock. That's mud. That's mud.
那有块石头 我的石头  There's a rock. That's my rock.
是我的 谁也不许碰  That's my rock. Nobody touches my rock.
这也有块石头 两块石头 三块石头  There's another rock. Two rocks. Three rocks.
和平岩？是和平岩  Peace Rock? Peace Rock!
现在是枯水休战期  It's the Truce! The Water Truce!
休战期到了  It's the Water Truce!
和平岩已经很多很多年前没露出水面了  It had been many, many years
一旦露出来  since the Peace Rock was revealed
就意味着休战期开始了  and the Water Truce was called.
现在岸边狩猎  Hunting at the riverbank
是被禁止的  was now forbidden
根据森林法则 饮水比进食重要  because, by Law of the Jungle, drinking comes before eating.
所以这个时候来到和平岩  So, you could come to the Peace Rock, on a day like this
所有动物即使并肩而坐 都相安无事  and find all people sidebyside.
不要忘了  Don't forget.
不许狩猎  No hunting.
只能玩耍  Playing only.
只能玩耍 我明白了  Playing, only. I got it, ami.
还要记住…  And remember
这片森林里不是每个动物都见过人孩  not everyone here has seen a mancub in the Jungle before.
所以你的举止要得当  So, behave yourself.
好的 现在我能走了吗？  Okay, can I go now?
跟他们一起吧  Take the pups with you.
等等我  Wait for me!
快点格雷  Come on, Gray!
哦 快看这家伙  Oh, take a look at this guy.
请让一下  Excuse me.
对不起  Sorry.
他怎么用两条腿走路  别老盯着  He's walking on two legs.  Don't stare.
嘿 看 一头野猪  Hey, look. A wild boar.
一头犀牛  一只猫鼬  And a rhino.  And a mongoose.
大家都来了  Everybody's here.
那是一只孔雀吗？  Is that a peacock?
噢 一根树枝  噢 是我的树枝  Ooh, a stick!  Oh, that's my stick.
我看上它了  严肃点 这是我的树枝  I like this stick.  Seriously, that's my stick.
我的树枝  不 是我的树枝  This is my stick.  No, that's my stick!
放开我的树枝  现在是枯水休战期  Let go of my stick!  It's a Water Truce!
枯水休战期  It's a Water Truce!
抱歉  Sorry.
都怪我 我在你脚上尿一泡  My bad! It's involuntary.
就没事了  I could pee on it.
留点神 好吗？  Watch yourself, please.
爸爸 那是什么？  Dad, what is that?
我觉得是个人孩  I think that's a mancub.
人孩到这来干什么？  What's a mancub doing here?
喔 现在可是休战期  Whoa. Don't forget the Truce.
我知道法则 公羚羊  I know the Law, bucks.
那是什么东西？  What is that?
什么？ 什么？  Weird.  That's weird.
毛克利  Mowgli.
还记得我怎么跟你说的吗？  What was the rule about your tricks?
那不是狼应该干的  It's not the wolf way.
不许再弄了  No more tricks.
别灰心 小家伙  Chin up, little one.
我们会把你变成高贵的狼  We'll make you a fine wolf, yet.
我怎么样？我能成高贵的狼吗？  What about me? Am I gonna be a fine wolf?
我会嚎叫  Look at me howl!
某些族群里最小的会被吃掉  In some packs, the runt gets eaten.
哦…  Oh
毛克利 到我身后去  Mowgli, behind me.
别离开我身边  Don't leave my side.
看来你们都接到通知 所以大家都来到和平岩了  Everyone comes to Peace Rock. So many smells to catch up on.
可是…  But, um
我不仅注意到  I can't help but notice
今天在这有一股陌生的气味  there's this strange odour today.
是什么 什么引起了我的注意  What is it, this scent that I'm on?
我几乎…  I almost
几乎可以确定他就是…  I almost think it was some kind of
人孩  mancub.
毛克利是属于我的族群 谢力克汉  Mowgli belongs to my Pack, Shere Khan.
毛克利  Mowgli?
你们还给他起了个名字  They've given it a name.
什么时候我们也开始接纳人类进入森林了？  When was it we came to adopt man into the Jungle?
他只是个孩子  He's just a cub.
我脸上的疤痕没提醒你人类会做出什么事吗？  Does my face not remind you of what a grown man can do?
猎场到你手里才几年  Shift your hunting ground for a few years
所有人都忘了法则是怎么说的吗  and everyone forgets how the Law works.
好吧 我提个醒  Well, let me remind you.
人孩会长成人类  A mancub becomes man
人类是被禁止的  and man is forbidden!
你有什么资格谈论法则  拉克莎  What do you know about Law?  Raksha.
为了消遣而狩猎 为了权利而杀戮  Hunting for pleasure. Killing for power.
你根本就不懂法则 这只幼崽是我的  You've never known Law. The cub is mine!
只属于我  Mine to me.
滚回你的地盘去 你这野兽一样的禽兽  So, go back to where you came from, you burned beast!
他很清楚这片区域归谁管  The tiger knows who rules this part of the Jungle.
我敢肯定他到这来不是耍威风的  I'm sure he doesn't mean to come here and make threats.
尤其是在枯水休战期  Especially during a Water Truce.
我非常尊重这些确保我们安全的法则  No, I'm deeply respectful of these Laws that keep us safe.
所以我在此承诺  So, here's my promise.
没有什么是永恒的  Nothing lasts forever.
雨季会再来 河面将升高  The rains will return and the river will rise.
当和平岩消失的时候 休战期也就结束了  And when this rock disappears, that Truce will end.
你们想保护他 可以  You want to protect him, fine.
但你们要想好了 一个人孩可以值你们狼群几条命  But ask yourselves, how many lives is a mancub worth?
值几条命？  How many lives?
谁能回答那个问题  Who could answer that question?
雨  雨  The rain!  Rain!
雨  下雨了  Rain!  The rain!
保持干燥 别弄湿了 保持干燥  Keep it dry, keep it dry, keep it dry.
我这下惨了 被东西卡住了  These quills get stuck on everything!
当雨季再来时  When the rains returned
议会不得不正视这个问题了  it was a question the Council had to face.
议会成员考虑争论了  They deliberated and they argued
很多天  for many days.
你觉得他们在谈什么呢？  What do you think they're talking about?
从来没有谁能让狼群产生分歧  No one had ever come between the Pack before.
但谢力克汉的威胁  But Shere Khan's threat
的确是无法忽视的  was not to be ignored.
毛克利 你是不能到那上面去的  Mowgli, you're not supposed to go up there!
他必须离开  He's got to go.
看看这天气  Look at the skies.
谢力克汉可能就在来的路上了  Shere Khan may be heading here as we speak.
拜托了  Please!
我会离开的  I'm leaving.
我绝不会让大家伤心的  I don't want to see anyone get hurt.
毛克利 给我回洞里去  Mowgli, go back to the den!
人孩是属于人类的  A mancub belongs with man.
可我们把他当自己的孩子抚养  We raised him as one of our own!
无论怎样 他都会受到攻击  阿克拉  He'll have the boy, either way.  Akela.
也许我能帮忙  Maybe I can be of help.
毛克利是对的  The boy's right.
我们该让他去寻找人类  Maybe it's time he found another people.
不  是我把他带到你身边的  No.  I'm the one who brought him to you.
现在该送他回他该去的地方了  And now I'll return him to where he belongs.
我不会让你这么干  I won't let you.
他是我的孩子  He's my cub!
我们很清楚这一天会来的  We knew this day would come.
我们可是他所知道的唯一家人  We are the only family he's ever known!
拉克莎  Raksha.
他只有回到那才会安全  It's the only place he'll be safe.
没事的 妈妈  It's okay, ami.
我不会走远的  I won't go far.
我会回来看你的  I'll come back and visit.
永远不能忘记  Never forget this
你是我的  You're mine.
只属于我  Mine to me.
无论你以后去哪 无论他们怎么教你  No matter where you go, or what they may call you
你永远…  you will always be
都是我的儿子  my son.
我希望告诉你们  I wish I could tell you
狼群和谢力克汉决一死战  that the wolves could've fought Shere Khan.
但这不是那一类的故事  But this is not that kind of a tale.
乌龟喜欢我  The turtles like me.
鳄鱼也还可以  Maybe the crocodiles.
犀牛怎么样？  What about the rhinos?
他们一直带我玩  They always let me hang around.
当然了 犀牛是站着睡觉的  Of course, the rhinos sleep standing up.
我觉得站着睡觉我可能不行  I don't think I'd be very good at that.
要么是乌龟 要么是鳄鱼  It's either the turtles or the crocodiles.
你觉得呢？  Which one do you think is better?
都不好  Neither.
你什么意思？  What do you mean?
我要把你带到人类的村子里  I'm bringing you to the man village.
什么？  What?
巴西拉 我不熟悉人类啊  Bagheera, I don't know man.
你会的  You will.
你总是跟我说人们不应该  You always said we're not supposed
靠近人类的的村子  to go near a man village.
现在不一样了  That was different.
为什么不一样？  Why is it different?
你总说 要离人类的村子远一点  You always said, "Stay away from the man village
有可能会掉陷阱里…  "because you might fall in a trap
或者被吃掉 或者被石头打伤  "or get eaten, or get hurt by flying rocks."
我清楚我说过什么  I know what I said.
哇 是大象  Whoa. Elephants.
低下你的头  为什么？  Bow your head.  Why?
向他们致敬  Show them respect.
是大象创造了这片森林  The elephants created this Jungle.
他们用长长的牙挖出了沟渠  Where they made furrows with their tusks,
变成了河流  the rivers ran.
他们用鼻子一吹树叶就落了下来  Where they blew with their trunks, the leaves fell.
森林的一切都是他们创造的  They made all that belongs.
群山 树林…  The mountains, the trees
还有林中的小鸟  the birds in the trees.
但他们没有创造你  But they did not make you.
所以你得离开  That is why you must go.
我跟牛羚生活怎么样？  What if I live with the nilgai?
不行  No.
那猫鼬呢  Or the mongoose?
这事不用讨论了  This is not a discussion.
可森林是我的家呀  But this is my home!
我连人类干什么都不会  I don't even know what man's like.
学呀  You'll learn.
我只想呆在森林里  But I wanna stay in the Jungle.
为什么我必须得去那？  Why do I have to go there?
对你来说森林已经不再安全了  Because the Jungle is no longer safe for you.
你正在被一只老虎  You're being hunted
追杀  by a tiger.
现大只有人类才能保护你  Only man can protect you now.
哇  Whoa!
这不公平 你都没让我选择  This isn't fair. You're not giving me a choice.
别以为我没注意到  There's a lot of stuff you're not telling me, too.
你还有很多事情没告诉我  Don't think I didn't notice.
你说要带我回去  You say you're taking me where I came from
可你是在这儿发现我的  but you found me in the Jungle.
你要带我到人类的村子去吗？不  Are you bringing me back to the Jungle? No.
如果我是在这儿被发现的  Why are you bringing me to the man village
干嘛要回人类村子？  if you found me in the Jungle?
谢力那么恨我  And why does the tiger hate me so much?
他认识我吗？看来他一定认识我  Does he know me? Sure seems like he knows me.
趴下  Down.
怎么？现在我们还得给水牛鞠躬是吗？  What? Now we have to bow to the buffalo, too?
听我说 这可不是游戏  Listen to me. This is not a game.
赶紧跑到峡谷里去  You're gonna run to that ravine.
你这话什么意思？  What are you talking about?
往北跑去夜空会发光的地方  Go to the north, where the sky glows at night.
在小路上等我  I'll find you on that path.
巴西拉 除非你告诉我原因否则…  Bagheera, I'm not taking one more step until you tell me
跑 毛克利  Run, Mowgli!
跑  Run!
怎么啦 格雷？  Gray, what's wrong?
干嘛不到外面去玩呢？  Why don't you come outside and play?
那是什么？  What is that?
为什么他必须得走  Why did he have to leave?
格雷  Gray.
我们本来可以保护他的 我们不应该让他走  We could've protected him. We shouldn't have let him go.
我也很想他  I miss him, too.
但重要的是他现在安全了  What's important is, he's safe now.
快回洞里去  Get inside.
你知道我为什么来这  I suppose you know why I've come.
人孩已经离开森林了  The mancub has left the Jungle.
我想我说的够清楚了  I thought I made myself clear.
我要你把他交给我  I wanted him turned over to me.
我们不再保护他了  We no longer harbour him.
他已经离开狼群了  He has left the Pack.
我想多问一句他去哪了？  And where, may I ask, has he gone?
他现在和同类在一起  He's with his own kind now.
这么说他已经离开了  So, the mancub has left the Jungle.
说的没错  That's right.
你我之间不再我争执了  You and I no longer have a quarrel.
最重要的…  And, most importantly
我们迎来了合平  we have peace.
这事就算结了  I guess it's done, then.
除非我能把他…  Unless I can draw him
骗回来  back out!
阿克拉  Akela!
现在能认真听我说了吧  Have I got your attention now?
我也不想使用暴力  I didn't want it to be this way.
我想我说的够明白了  I made it so simple.
我就那么一个要求 你们还拒绝了我  All I asked for was one thing, and you denied me!
好吧 一切到此为止  That ends now.
都听好了  Spread the word.
在我抓到人孩之前 这片山林归我所有  Until I have the mancub, these hills are my hills.
既然你们敬酒不吃  You did not respond to reason!
那就等着吃罚酒  So now, you will know fear.
巴西拉  Bagheera?
嗯？  Hmm?
嘿 你好  Hey, there.
你能跟我说话吗？  Do you have a language?
你看上去还挺萌的  You're kind of cute, I guess.
你想吃一口吗  You want a bite?
来吧  Come on.
过来 来呀 没关系  Come here. Come on, it's all right.
你不用害怕  Don't be afraid.
吃吧  Come on.
嘿 那是我的  Hey, those are mine!
嘿 给我回来  Hey, come back!
嘿 那是我的  Those are mine!
放下  Drop it!
有人吗？  Hello?
谁在那？  Who's out there?
嗨 小孩  Hi, little cub.
哦 不 不用害怕  Oh, no. Don't be scared.
不会伤害你的  I'm not gonna hurt you.
我只是路过而已 不想惹什么麻烦  I was just passing through. I don't want any trouble.
没什么麻烦的  There's no trouble.
你是一个人在这？  Are you alone out here?
那个不好  Mmm. That's not good.
不要孤身一人  We should never be alone.
我在这等个朋友  I'm waiting for a friend.
他应该很快就到了  He should be here soon.
在他来之前 我可以陪你  I can stay with you, until he gets here.
这样可以吗？  Would that be all right?
我会保证你的安全  I'll keep you safe.
就你和我 小宝贝  Just you and me, sweet thing.
你是谁？  Who are you?
卡儿  Kaa.
多么不幸的小孩  Poor, sweet little cub.
你来这森林深处干什么？  What are you doing so deep in the Jungle?
这是我的家  This is my home.
你不知道自己是谁  Don't you know what you are?
我知道你是谁  I know what you are.
我还知道你是从哪来的  I know where you came from.
你知道？  You do?
是的  Yes.
你想看一眼吗？  Would you like to see?
想看  Yeah.
人类生活在村子里…  Mostly, men stay in their village
他们远离森林的黑暗  far from the dark of the Jungle.
但有些时候…  But sometimes
他们会旅行  they travel.
这么做的时候…  And when they do
他们的洞穴就会在夜里被照亮  their caves breathe in the dark.
他们把那叫做  They call it
红色的花  the Red Flower.
那是人类的创造  Man's creation.
它能带来温暖和光明…  It brings warmth and light
也能毁灭它所接触到的一切  and destruction to all that it touches.
那是谁？  Who is that?
旅行者 他在保护他的孩子  The traveller, protecting his cub.
老虎谢力杀死了这个男人  Shere Khan ended the man's life that night.
于此同时他的脸 也被红色的花伤了  But not before he was burned by the Red Flower's touch.
谢力跑的飞快 没注意到自己遗落了那个孩子  He ran so fast, he didn't notice the cub he left behind.
而那个孩子…  And that cub
就是你  was you.
黑豹发现了你  The panther found you.
噢 你这个不幸的小可怜  Oh, you poor, sweet thing.
你想呆在森林里吗？  You want to stay in the Jungle?
你可以和我在一起  You can be with me, if you want.
我寸步不离  I'll keep you close.
现在忘掉你的恐惧  Let go of your fear, now.
相信…  Trust
我吧  in me.
蛋定 孩子  Relax, kid.
不用那么激动 好吗？  No need to get worked up. Okay?
我在哪？ 呃…  Where am I?  Uh
这是个山洞 我的山洞  This is a cave. It's my cave.
你不记得发生什么了？  You don't remember what happened, do you?
不记得  我救了你的命  No.  I saved your life.
对 我… 我从死神的嘴里救了你  Yeah, I snatched you from the jaws of death.
或者说死神的怀里 怎么都行  The coils of death, if you will.
你可真走运…  And lucky for you
你最新崇拜的英雄 老巴鲁  your new favourite hero, old Baloo, here
碰巧经过那  just happened to be passing by.
然后 呃 没啥了不起的  Uh, no big deal.
跟我说说  Just tell me this.
你会…  Can you
爬树吗？  climb?
会啊  Yeah.
那就别浪费时间了 直奔主题吧  Then let's quit wasting time and get on with it.
直奔什么主题？  Get on with what?
还人情 孩子 还人情  Payback, kid. Payback.
"还人情" 什么意思？还什么人情？  What do you mean "payback"? Payback for what?
你欠我的孩子  You owe me, kid.
欠我的 欠我的  You owe me. You owe me.
说慢点  Slow down.
你得还我个人情  可是…  And you're gonna pay back.  But, but
那才正确  Because that's right.
你要做正确的事情  You're gonna do the right thing.
这就是正确的事  That's the right thing to do.
你得还我个人情 因为你欠我的  You're gonna pay me back, because you owe me.
懂吗？  You got it?
好了 现在有件小事情  Okay, here's our little task.
看见那个发光的东西没有 从那上面滴下来的那个  You see that golden stuff, dripping down there?
那个叫 "蜂蜜"  That's called "honey."
为了还我的人情  All you need to do, little one
你现在要做的就是…  for payback purposes
爬上去  is to just shimmy on up there
使劲的摇晃那个发出声响的东西  and get me that thing up there that's making that funny noise
然后摘下来给我带回来  and bring it back down.
你在跟我开玩笑吧  You're kidding me, right?
不 不全是  No, not really.
我要是爬上去我会被蜇死的  I can get killed going up there.
孩子  Kid!
孩子 孩子 孩子 你得理解我一下  Kid, kid, kid. Try to understand this.
我是一头熊  I'm a bear.
我每天得吃掉跟自己的体重  It means that I have to eat my weight
一样重的食物  every day
好为冬眠做准备  for hibernation purposes.
我知道我要求的太多了  I know I'm asking for a lot
可我不会爬树而你会  but I don't climb and you do.
你看 冬天快要来了 我真的需要你  Look, I really need your help. Winter's coming.
你不会眼前着我一睡  You don't want me to go to sleep
就醒不了吧  and never wake up.
上面的蜜蜂可真不少啊  There are a lot of bees up here.
是 有一点  Yeah, some.
不过别担心 蜜蜂不会蜇你的  But don't worry. These ones don't sting.
干的漂亮  Attaboy!
啊 我被蜜蜂蜇了  Ow! I'm getting stung!
好吧  Okay.
你知道吗 要不是我恐高我就自己上了  I would've done this myself, but I'm afraid of heights.
哎 我去 又来了  Oh, boy. Here we go again.
你少管闲事成吗？  Why don't you mind your own business?
你快搞定了  You can do it!
他快跑路了  他不会的  He's just gonna run away.  Not this one.
猴子被蜇疼了都会玩命跑  As soon as the monkeys get stung, they always run away.
他不是猴子  那是啥？  He's not a monkey. A mancub.  What is he?
是人孩  对 你能不能小点声  A mancub?  Yeah! Could you keep your voice down?
我都集中不了注意力了  I'm trying to concentrate.
你在那上边还可以吧  噢  Everything going Aokay up there?  Ow!
嘿 哥们 又一个被忽悠的  Oh, boy. Looks like you got another one.
一边去  那是人孩  Buzz off.  It's a mancub.
人孩？ 是人孩  A mancub?  Yeah, it's a mancub.
不是猴子？ 不 是人孩  It's not a monkey?  No, it's a mancub!
我说你信不信 我可以让你这只濒危动物  You have never been a more endangered species
现在就地被灭绝  than you are at this moment.
你在做一件了不起的事情  You're doing an amazing job!
我在被蜜蜂蜇  I'm getting stung!
噢 我去 又来了  Oh, boy. Here we go again.
那不是猴子 弗雷德  是人孩  It's not a monkey, Fred.  It's a mancub.
人孩？ 对 是人孩  A mancub?  Yeah, it's a mancub.
你相信吗？ 你确定吗？  Can you believe it?  Are you sure?
能不能把嘴都闭上  Would you please shut up?
嘿 上面的  Hey, up there!
依我看 一切都难以置信的顺利  Everything is going fantastically, I see.
噢  Ow!
你可以的 要相信你自己  You got it! Believe in yourself!
就这么干  噢  There you go!  Ow!
加油 快搞定了  Come on! Almost!
好  Yeah!
好  Yeah!
噢 对了  Oh, yeah!
哦噢  Uhoh.
弗雷德  Fred?
噢耶 爽死我了  Oh, yeah, exfoliate me.
你说蜜蜂不会蜇我的  You said they didn't sting.
这算怎么回事  What do you call this?
你怎么会变成这个样子了  How the heck did you do that?
噢 那一定是母蜜蜂  Oh, those must have been females!
我还以为是公蜂的  They look like males from down here.
母的确实会蜇人  Females do sting.
涂点蜜蜂就没事了  Just put some honey on those.
蜂蜜 真的？ 对  Honey? Really?  Yeah.
涂完了把蜂蜜舔掉 心情也好了  You put it on, you lick it off. You feel much better.
纯天然的膏药  It's nature's ointment.
要是我就都涂上  I put it everywhere.
谢谢  Thanks.
好了 人情还完了  Okay, so, we're even now!
着什么急啊  Hold on a minute.
你叫什么名字？  What's your name anyway?
我们还没有正式互相介绍过呢  We were never properly introduced.
毛克利  毛克利？  Mowgli.  Mowgli?
你还别说 这名字听的挺上口的  Mowgli is a terrific name.
我敢打赌肯定不会有重名的  I bet you got that one all to yourself, too.
嘿  Hey!
毛克利 听着  Mowgli, look
为了冬眠 接下来的几个星期  I got a lot of gathering to do these next couple of weeks
我得一直准备吃的  on account of the hibernation.
我真的很需要你的帮助  I could really use your help.
如果你能留下来的话…  You know, if you stuck around
不行 现在我得去人类的村子  I can't. I have to go to the man village.
呃…  Uh
为什么你要去人类的村子  For what reason, man village?
我也不想去 有一只老虎要杀我  I don't have a choice. There's a tiger hunting me.
为什么？他干嘛要杀你  Really? Why a tiger?
谁知道 可能就因为我是个人孩吧  Because I'm a mancub, all right?
让我静一静  Just leave me alone.
嘿… 毛克利 好朋友 好伙计 好哥们  Hey! Mowgli, my friend, my buddy, my pal.
别走那么快嘛 帅哥  Slow down a second, handsome.
巴西拉说了 我必须得离开这  Bagheera said I have to go to the man village.
噢 巴西拉啊 我认识他 真的  Oh, Bagheera! I know him. Sure.
你知道问题出在哪吗？  You know what his problem is?
他动不动就提法则  He always plays by the rules.
虽然有时候法则是该遵守  And, sometimes rules were meant to be
但是有时候也该调整调整  well, not necessarily broken, but certainly bent.
至少可以重新解读 你说呢？  And definitely reinterpreted. Don't you think?
他让我去人类的村子 所以我得去那  He told me to go to the man village, so, that's where I'm gonna go!
那好吧  Okay, fine.
你这么想去就去吧  You wanna go to the man village, have it your way.
事实上我可以帮你一把  In fact, I'll do you one better.
送你过去 怎么样？  I'll take you there myself.
来吧 再不走就晚了  Come on, let's go. It's getting late.
生活必需品  Bare necessities
忘记  Forget about
你所有烦恼和争吵  Your worries and your strife
生活必需品  I mean the bare necessities
你干什么呢？  What's that?
唱个没烦恼的生活之歌  That's a song about the good life.
唱个什么歌？  What's a song?
你以前就没听过歌吗？  You never heard a song before?
人人都听过歌  Everyone's got a song.
难道狼群不唱歌吗？  Didn't the wolves ever sing?
我不知道  I don't know.
呃… 噢…  Uh Oh
我们背诵森林法则  We recited the Law of the Jungle.
"本法则就是森林法则  "This is the Law of the Jungle
"如上苍一般古老 正确  "as old and as true as the sky.
"遵循的狼将繁荣昌盛  "The Wolf that keeps it may prosper
"违反的狼必遭致灭绝"  "but the Wolf that breaks it will die."
孩子 你这不叫唱歌啊  Kid, that's not a song.
你这叫喊口号  That's propaganda.
什么叫喊口号？  What's propaganda?
再走走就到了  Just a little farther.
那个就是人类的村子吗？  That's the man village?
对 看那些红色的花就知道了  Yep. You can always tell by the Red Flower.
人类可喜欢他们了  They do love their Red Flower.
可那些红色的花看起来还不错嘛  The Red Flower doesn't seem so bad.
对  Yeah.
可有的时候它会把接触到的一切都毁掉  Let it loose, and it destroys everything it touches.
千万别跟它玩  Don't ever play with it.
听明白了？  You got that?
听明白了  Yeah, I got it.
很好  Good.
你说我是从那儿来的吗？  Do you think that's where I'm from?
没准  Could be.
你看那个地方眼熟吗？  I don't know, kid. Does it look familiar?
一点儿印象都没有  I don't remember it.
我记事那会就跟狼群在一起了  All I remember is living with the wolves.
那为什么要来这  Why do you wanna go there?
巴西拉说我得有个族群  Bagheera said I need a people.
得了 又是听巴西拉说的  Again, with the listening to Bagheera.
嘿 他是我朋友 懂吗  Hey, he's my friend, okay?
虽然我不知道他现在在哪儿  Now I don't even know where he is.
不敢相信我真的要离开森林了  I can't believe I'm leaving the Jungle for good.
我能多说一句吗？  May I say just one thing?
你今天的表现把我惊着了  What I saw you do today, I've never seen anything like it.
为了拿到蜂蜜 我已努力了很多年了  I've been trying to get that honey for years.
我使了点小伎俩  But I used my tricks.
什么小伎俩？  What tricks?
就是…  You know
我弄得那些东西不是狼该做的  Everything that I built. It's not the wolf way.
谁在乎狼该怎么做呀  Who cares? "The wolf way."
你就这么做了  That's the Mowgli way.
我就这么做了  That's the Baloo way.
做就做了  That's our way.
这就是我们的风格  That's how we get things done.
再说了 要是没有我的启发…  I can't even imagine what kind of potential you'd have
怎么能看到你有这么大的潜力  if you had somebody like me helping you out.
你说你要去人类的村子  You say you want to go to the man village.
要我说 你在哪儿都是人类  I say, you could be a man right here.
这么说吧  I'll tell you what.
你已经知道村子在哪儿了  Now you know where the man village is.
想什么时候去就什么时候去  You can always go down there, whenever you want.
可我想跟你说的是…  But I would personally appreciate it
当然这个主意有点自私  as a personal favour to me, personally
如果我们两个能联起手来 再弄点小伎俩  if we just worked together, just us, tricks and all.
我们一定会惊讶地发现…  I think it would be interesting to see
在立冬之前 我们已经攒好了  just how much honey we could accumulate
不少蜂蜜了  before winter.
只要小伎俩管用 叫我做什么  Whatever I could do to make your trickiness happen
都没问题  I will do.
如果你觉得这么做没什么劲的话  And if it turns out to not be fun for you
那我就驼你下山 把你送到人类的村子里去  I will walk you right down to that man village myself.
怎么样？  Is that a deal?
我们就到立冬之前  Just till winter.
一言为定  Just till winter.
妈妈 醒醒  Ami, wake up.
他们呢？  Pups?
他们都在上面  They're up there.
小鹿当然会在族群中得到安慰  The deer, of course, take comfort in numbers.
因为他们缺少保护自己的手段  They lack defences most animals will have.
不过话又说回来了  And if we're being honest
他们并不警觉  they're not very smart either.
话说鳄鱼妈妈  Unlike the mother crocodile,
可比他们警觉多了  who is a good deal more clever.
不过你们真正要小心的是…  But the one you have to watch out for
那些布谷鸟  is the cuckoo bird.
你们知道他们是怎么活下来的吗？  Do you know how the cuckoo bird survives?
他们巧妙地利用了母性的弱点  By preying on a mother's weakness.
自己从来不抚养幼鸟  The cuckoo bird is too clever to raise its young.
相反的是…  Instead, it sneaks
她们把蛋下到那些头脑简单的母鸟巢里  its eggs into the nests of simpler birds.
等小布谷鸟一孵出来  So, when they hatch
母鸟就傻眼了  the mother bird is fooled.
她喂大的不是自己的孩子  She feeds them, nurtures them.
你们想知道她的孩子怎么样了吗？  And do you know what happens to her own chicks?
饥寒交迫  They starve
最后死于…  and die
没人照顾  from neglect.
而这一切都因为那个母亲爱着一个…  All because a mother loved a chick
外来的孩子  that wasn't her own.
都过来 该睡觉了  Come now, time for sleep.
他们喜欢我  I think they like me.
你为什么要这么做？  Why are you doing this?
他走了  He's gone.
这不就是你想要的吗？  Isn't that what you wanted?
我想要他死  I want him dead.
一旦他听说这里发生的事情…  Once he gets word of what happened here
肯定会回来的  he'll come back.
我就在这等着他  And I'll be waiting.
这是第一个目标  收到  That's the first mark.  Got it.
拿下第一个目标  收到  That's the first mark!  Got it!
拿下第一个目标  That's the first mark!
收到  Got it!
喔…  Whoo!
耶 搞定  Yeah, I got it!
现在让巴鲁向下一个目标转移  收到  Tell him to go to the second mark!  Got it!
向下个目标转移  收到  Go to the second mark!  Got it.
收到  Got it.
寻找那…  Look for the
生活必需品  Bare necessities
简单的生活必需品  The simple bare necessities
忘记你心中所有的烦恼  Forget about your worries
和争吵  And your strife
快寻找生活必需品  I mean the bare necessities
大自然赠与的礼品  Old Mother Nature's recipes
找到我们的生活必须品  That bring the bare necessities of life
无论我流浪到什么地方  Wherever I wander Wherever I roam
我还是最爱  I couldn't be fonder
我的家乡  Of my big home
小蜜蜂  The bees are buzzing
围在树上  In the tree
为我酿造蜂蜜  To make some honey just for me
只要你翻开大石头  When you look under the rocks and plants
就会发现很多好吃的蚂蚁  And take a glance at them fancy ants
快来尝一尝  And then maybe try a few
那生活必需品  The bare necessities of life
都将会属于你  They'll come to you!
无论我流浪  Wherever I wander
到什么地方  Wherever I roam
我还是最爱  I couldn't be fonder
我的家乡  Of my big home
小蜜蜂飞在树上  The bees are buzzing in the tree
只为我酿造蜂蜜  To make some honey just for me
只要你翻开大石头  When you look under the rocks and plants
你就会发现有很多好吃的蚂蚁  And then take a glance At them fancy ants
快去尝一尝  And then maybe try a few
嗯…  Mmm! Mmm!
那生活必需品都将会属于你  The bare necessities of life They'll come to you
都将属于你  They will come to you
都将属于你  Yeah, they'll come to you!
属于你  Come to you!
巴鲁 巴鲁 你看  Baloo, Baloo, Baloo look.
赶紧爬到我背上来  Stay low on my back.
别藏了 我看见你了  Come on out and show yourself.
巴西拉 啊  Bagheera! Ah!
毛克利  Mowgli.
噢 我一直都在到处找你 巴西拉  Oh, I was looking everywhere for you!
我还以为你走了呢  I thought you were gone!
你没事吧  没事  Are you all right?  Yeah!
真没想到你找到我了 我快担心死你了  I can't believe you found me! I was so worried about you.
我迷路了 然后也不知道怎么了  I was lost, and I didn't know what happened
我就遇到了巴鲁  but then I met Baloo.
他把我从巨蟒嘴里救了出来  And then he saved me from a giant snake!
现在我们俩在一起工作了  And now we're working together!
真的 我头回听说  Really? That's a new wrinkle.
原来懒熊也会工作  I didn't know sloth bears worked.
来吧 毛克利 我们该上路了  Come on, Mowgli, let's be on our way.
等一等  Wait!
你们先走一步 我马上就来  Yeah, go on ahead. I'll catch up.
你别发火 好吗？  Don't be mad, okay?
我为什么要发火？  Why would I be mad?
我每次弄这些的时候 你都发火  Because you're always mad when I do stuff.
难道你忘了吗？  You gotta promise not to be mad this time.
等看完了 再做决定  Show me, then I'll decide.
快来 看这边  Come on, check it out!
这些藤是我爬悬崖用的  These are vines I use on the cliff.
我把它们拧成一股 这样更长更坚实  I twirl them together to make them longer and stronger.
你看这些藤 多结实  See how strong they are?
你想跟我看最酷的吗？  You wanna see the really cool part?
在里面 快来 我们走  It's inside. Come on, let's go!
快点  Come on!
这是为过冬准备的蜂蜜  It's the honey stash for winter!
我说你小子是不是疯了  Have you lost your mind?
我就知道你会发火的  You said you wouldn't get mad.
阿克拉是怎么教你的  Did you listen to anything Akela taught you?
这片森林  There's no place
容不下你这些  in the Jungle for these
小伎俩  tricks!
想做这些 干脆去人类的村子好了  You want to do this, you do this in the man village.
可我要在这帮巴鲁 准备冬眠需要的东西  But I'm helping Baloo get ready for hibernation.
森林里的熊根本就不冬眠  Bears don't hibernate in a jungle.
你都教他什么了  What are you teaching him?
也不算冬眠 就是我总爱犯困  Not full hibernation, but I nap a lot.
你听好了 你这骗子  Listen to me, you con artist!
他不清楚 你的把戏 但我清楚  He may not know your game, but I do.
他该走了  可是我真的不想走  He's leaving now.  But I don't wanna leave!
你现在没得选择  You don't have a choice!
大家先静一静  Why don't we all just settle down for a minute.
现在天都晚了 旅行没戏了  Look, it's gotten late. Too late to travel.
要不咱们来点蜂蜜尝尝  So, why don't we all just have a little honey
我从来不吃蜂蜜  I don't eat honey.
那没关系 我自己吃  No problem. I'll eat the honey.
我们先好好睡上一觉  Let's all get a good night's sleep
有话明天一早再说  and we can talk about this in the morning.
行 我们天一亮就上路  Fine. But we're leaving, first thing.
毛克利  Mowgli.
他人呢？  Where is he?
在坑里  在哪儿？  In the pit.  In the what?
这也是你教的吗？ 得了  Is this your teaching?  Oh, come on!
我才不会让他跟大象瞎掺和呢  You know I'd never teach him to mess around with elephants.
嘿 伙计们  Hey, guys.
他真的是很特别  What'd I tell you? He's special.
他是我带大的  I know he's special.
我当然知道  I raised him.
那就别逼他走了 巴西拉  Then don't make him leave, Bagheera!
让他做他自己不好吗？  You gotta let him be what he is.
你根本不知道他现在有多危险  You don't understand. The boy's in danger.
我知道 他说过 他被老虎追杀了  I know, he told me. He's being hunted by a tiger.
不是一般的老虎 是谢力克汉  Not any tiger. Shere Khan.
谢力克汉在追杀他？  Shere Khan's hunting him?
喔  Oh.
可要是你真把他送回人类的村子里  But if you send him back to the man village,
他就被毁了  they'll ruin him.
他会变成人类  They'll make a man out of him.
所以我们应该把他送回狼群  We should send him back to the Wolf Pack.
狼群的首领阿克拉会保护他的  Who's their alpha? Akela, he can protect him.
阿克拉已经死了  Akela is dead.
什么？ 谢力克汉杀了他  What?  Shere Khan killed him.
为了抓到这个孩子 谢力会不择手段  He will stop at nothing until he has this boy.
懂吗？  Nothing.
所以我们唯一能做的  The only way we can save him
就是把他送到人类的村子去  is if he goes to that man village.
拜托了 巴鲁  Please, Baloo.
他现在只听你的话  You're the only one he'll listen to.
嘿 孩子  Hey, kid.
嘿  Hey.
刚才你两下可真酷  That was pretty cool, what you did back there.
巴西拉可不这么想  Bagheera didn't think so.
噢不 他跟我说他挺感动的  Oh, no, I talked to him. He was very impressed.
是真的吗？  He was?
我们两个一样 真的  We both were. Yeah.
我还从没见过  I've never seen anyone get
有谁敢和大象走得这么近的  that close to an elephant before.
听我说 孩子  So, listen, kid.
有些事情我得跟你谈一谈  I gotta talk to you about something.
想说什么就说吧  What do you wanna talk about?
知道吗 我一直在想  I've been thinking.
既然你的朋友已经出现了  Now that your friend has shown up
也许是时候  maybe it's time
让你们继续走没走完的旅程了  for you two to just mosey along.
你看冬天已经来了  Now it's winter
你们是该动身的时候了  and it's really time for you to go.
可我想留下来跟你在一起  But I wanna stay here with you.
我们是好朋友 对不对  We're buddies, aren't we?
呃？不 我不是你朋友  Huh? No, we were never friends.
我从来就没有把你当朋友  I certainly never thought of you as my friend.
我就是让你帮我弄弄蜂蜜 但是现在不用了  You helped me get honey and I don't really need you any more
那个 非得逼我把话说明吗？  Do I have to spell this out?
我现在已经不需要你留下来了  I don't want you around any more.
我跟他说了  I did it.
我从来没有这么纠结过  And that's about the hardest thing I've ever done.
我知道  I know.
你走开  Go away.
你离我远点  Get away from me.
你烦不烦  Stop it.
你给我滚一边去  Get away from me!
巴西拉  Bagheera!
毛克利  Mowgli!
毛克利 挺住  Mowgli, hold on!
巴西拉  Bagheera!
什么情况 他们要带他去哪？  What was that? Where are they taking him?
这边  This way.
啊…  Ahh! Ah!
哇…  Whoa!
看见你了 看见你了  We see you! We see you!
快跳过去  Come on, jump!
留神你的爪子  And watch the claws.
啊  Gah!
呃…  Uh
剩下的我来就行  I'll take it from here.
不 我… 我也要去  No, I'm coming.
那个… 只要别太高  It's doable
我觉得我还是能行的  if I don't have to go too high.
那好 我们行动吧  Good. Let's get going.
嗯  All right.
有鸟的地方准没好事  A bird. That can't be a good sign.
巴鲁 看着我 你别看别处  Baloo. Look at me. Look at nothing but me.
嗯？ 你做得很好  Hmm?  You're doing fine.
眼睛一定往上看  Just keep your eyes up high.
好吧 我来了 我来了  All right. I'm coming. I'm coming.
你是从什么地方来的？  What part of the Jungle you from?
你 人孩  You, mancub.
你是从南边来还是北边来  You come from the South, the North?
还是森林的其它地方？  What part of the Jungle?
我猜是南边吧  The South, I guess.
南部森林 西奥尼山？  Southern Jungle, the Seeonee.
听说那很美 不过我还没有去过  Beautiful, I hear. I never been there myself.
那告诉我 你尝过西奥尼山产的  So, tell me, you ever had a taste of the pawpaw fruit
枇杷果的味道吗  down there in the Seeonee?
有些人竟然管它叫什么？  Some people call it the What's the word?
木瓜 净瞎说  Papaya. Stolen words.
它就叫枇杷果  I say pawpaw.
这名字跟它掉在地上的声音一模一样  Goes to the sound it makes when it tumbles to the Jungle floor.
你尝尝  Try it.
吃吧  Go ahead.
挺好吃的  It's good.
知道我是谁吗？  You know who I am?
不知道  No.
我就是班达罗格之王  I am the King of the Bandarlog.
叫我路易吧  Call me Louie.
上来了  I did it!
干得好 伙计  Well done, old chap.
他肯定在这儿 跟我来  He must be in there. Follow me.
不不 我们现在已经到平地了  No, no. We're on level ground here.
得听我指挥了  I'm in charge.
我的计划好了  And I've got a plan.
孩子 你想在这一直待下去对吧  You are a mancub who wants to live in the Jungle.
你是怎么知道的？  How do you know that?
孩子  Kid
我有耳朵 而且不止一只耳朵  I got ears. My ears got ears.
要想呆在这儿  You wanna live here?
你得有个能保护你的族群  You need a people to protect you.
只有我行  Only I can protect you
开个好价我就答应保护你  and I will, for a price.
可是我没有什么可以给你的  I don't have anything to give you.
这个可以有  I think you do.
是什么啊？  What?
你都看到了 人孩  Look around, mancub.
我什么都有了  I got everything.
我有充足的食物  I have plentiful food
无尽的财富  endless treasure
甚至还能指挥千军万马  command vast legions.
但有一样至今没能得到…  But there's one thing I don't have
刚好这东西  and that's the one thing
你可以给我  you can give me.
我要红色的花  The Red Flower.
那我可没有  I don't have that!
你是人类 对吗？  You're a man, aren't you?
是人都有那个  That's what makes you a man.
你可以创造出红色的花  You can summon the Red Flower
并且控制它  and control it.
他们跟我说要离红色的花远一点  They told me not to go near the Red Flower.
知道为什么这么说吗？  You know why they tell you that?
因为你一旦拥有它 就会登上食物链的顶端  Because once you have it, you rise to the top of the food chain.
在这片森林里没有什么东西能对抗  Nothing in this Jungle can stand up
那红色的花  to the Red Flower.
拜托了 我现在该走了  Please, I just wanna go.
听着 别想耍我 人孩  Now, don't try to kid me, mancub
我来跟你做笔交易  I'll make a deal with you
我要让那红色的花  What I desire is man's red fire
助我梦想成真  To make my dream come true
快把秘密告诉我  Now give me the secret, mancub
快点 告诉我怎么做  Come on! Clue me what to do
才能拥有红花力量  Give me the power of man's Red Flower
变得和你一样  So I can be like you
哦…  Oh, ooobe do
我要和你一样 哦…  I wanna be like youoooo
走路和你一样 说话也一样  I wanna walk like you, talk like you toooooo
虽然我外表像这个样…  You'll see it's trueoooo, someone like meeeee
也能学会变成和你一样…  Can learn to be like someone like youoooo
你可能会觉得荒唐  Now you might think it's ridiculous that me
一只巨猿像我这个样  A Gigantopithecus, would ever dream
竟也会有那梦想变成和你一样  I'd like to team with the likes of you, mancub
但只要我们在一起  But together we 'd have powers
就能拥有珍宝和权力  All the Jungle's treasures, ours
我有梦想 你有红花  I got desire, you got the fire
但要合作才能成功  But the dream I dream takes two
哦…  So, oooooo
我想和你一样 哦…  I wanna be like youoooo
我想和你一样  I wanna use that flame
使用那红花力量  Just the same as you can do
噢 如果这一切能实现  Oh, how magnificus it would be
一只像我这样的巨猿  A Gigantopithecus like me
也能学会  Could learn to do
变成人类一样  Like you humans dooooo
只差一样东西  Just one thing we need
就能激发我们的潜力了  to reach our full potential.
只要把红色的花带来  Bring me that Red Flower
我们就能统治整片森林了  and we will rule this Jungle.
我会保护你  I will protect you.
到那时你想干什么就干什么  And you will want for nothing, ever again.
我不能  I can't!
不能还是不想  You can't or you won't?
我不能  I can't!
你能行  You will!
打扰一下  Excuse me!
这里有人吗？  Anybody?
打扰一下  Excuse me
请问这里是猴子庙对吧  am I in the right monkey temple?
噢 我的天哪  Oh, my gosh.
您就是路易王 对吧？  Is that King Louie?
我太激动了  This is so exciting.
您就跟传说中的一样 先生  The legends do you no justice, sir.
这块头真不小 你太完美了  You are truly enormous.
我再多说一句  In the best way.
瞧您健美的肌肉  Look at all of that flesh
威严地坐在  just squatting there
那古老的王座上  on an ancient throne.
看上去真牛啊  How majestic.
抓住他  Seize him.
嘿 等等  Hey, hang on.
能听我把话说完吗？  Can you just hang on?
我翻山越岭来见您 费了不少劲  I climbed a mountain to see you, and I'm not a climber.
哪怕只看您一眼  Just to be in your presence.
对我来说算是梦想成真了  For me, this is a dream come true. Oh
把他扔下悬崖  Throw him off the cliff.
等等 等等 等等  Wait, wait, wait.
我不麻烦大家了  I have no problem with that.
我真的不想再给大家添麻烦了  I don't have any problem with that.
虽然我不请自来  I came up here without an invitation.
有点冒昧  It was extremely presumptuous of me.
但是我还是想再插一句话  Let me interrupt myself.
我想说的是…  I just gotta say
在场的各位 可比外面传说的要帅气多了  you guys are so much handsomer in person than anyone knows.
之前从没有这么近距离接触过你们  No one ever gets up close to you.
我猜  Why?
是因为你们身上的气味  Because of the smell.
我是说气味太重了  The smell is rough.
不过 你们看中的应该不是外在的美  But it's not just, "Oh, look at me."
而是内在的美 你们有先进的技术  It's, "I got the brains." You guys got the knowhow.
并且充满了智慧  You got the noggin.
你们用脑子 想办法 用手来搞定  You came up with this stuff, with the thumb.
给我展示一下你们是怎么做到的  Come on, show me. How do you do that? I can't do that.
我可不想弄伤这儿 或者蹭伤那儿 我要去抓鱼  Look, I scratch, I rub, I can grab a fish.
所以我希望 估计您是不会答应我的希望的  But I was hoping, and you may not be open to this at all
我明知没戏…  but I was hoping, and once again, it's a dream
可我真的特别想加入你们  but I was hoping that I might become
成为一只了不起的猴子  a Bandarlog myself.
没错 我想和你一样  Gosh, I wanna be like you.
我特别想和你一样棒  I am hitching my wagon to your star.
抓住他们  No one leaves!
我自己会下山 谢谢 再见  I can show myself out. Thanks. Byebye!
我留下来拖住他们  We'll try to hold them off.
你要去哪 人孩？  Where you going, mancub?
你离我远一点  Stay away from me!
现在没人能帮你了  You don't have anyone now.
我是你唯一的希望 我能让你过上好日子  I'm your only hope. I can make it real good for you here.
你还打算去哪？  Where else you gonna go?
我要回狼群去了  I'll go back to the Pack!
我要回那儿去找阿克拉  I'll go back to Akela!
阿克拉？  Akela?
噢  Oh.
你没听说吗  You didn't hear?
谢力克汉杀了他  Shere Khan killed him.
肯定是为了你的缘故  Must've been on account of you.
不 你撒谎  No! You're lying!
你不要否认…  Don't run away
你的出身 你知道吗？  from who you are! You hear me?
考虑一下 人孩  Think about it, mancub.
我们能统治这个森林  We can rule this Jungle.
不…  No
好好想想吧  Listen to reason.
哪儿跑  Gotcha!
毛克利  Mowgli!
他要是有个什么三长两短的  If anything happens to that kid
我坚决不会原谅我自己  I'll never forgive myself.
巴西拉  毛克利  Bagheera!  Mowgli?
你别动  Stay there.
我们上去救你  We'll come around to you.
那是真的吗  Is it true?
什么？  What?
阿克拉被谢力杀了  Is Akela dead?
我们正想跟你说呢  We were going to tell you.
你知道  You knew!
你们早就知道  You both knew!
然而就没人出来做点什么吗？  And nobody did anything about it!
孩子 你冷静一点  Kid, just hold on.
必须得有人出来做点什么  Someone's gotta do something!
毛克利  Mowgli!
哪儿都找不到他  There's no trace of him.
他能去哪儿呢？  Where could he have gone?
快走  Come on!
是人类  It's man.
跑到森林来了  He's come to the Jungle.
妈妈 出什么事了？  Ami, what's happening?
是红色的花  The Red Flower.
大家听着 快往河边跑  Everybody, get to the river!
红花  Red Flower.
孩子们 跟上 别丢了  Pups, come on. Stay close.
那是毛克利  Is that Mowgli?
谢力克汉  Shere Khan!
谢力克汉  Shere Khan!
我现在不怕你了  I'm not afraid of you!
从今以后再也不会有谁怕你了  No one has to be afraid of you any more!
不…  No
他们现在害怕的是别的东西  I think they're afraid of something else now.
人孩已经长大成人了  The mancub is now a man.
格雷…  Gray
而这一刻真应该…  Always a proud day
好好纪念一下  when they come of age.
你骗得了他们 可是你骗不了我的  You can fool them, but you can't fool me.
我可以预见到你的未来  I'm the one who saw your future.
我能看到你未来的样子  I saw what you'd become.
动手吧 就用那红色的花  Come now, use the Red Flower.
像你父亲一样用它来对付我  Use it on me like your father did.
让大家看看你到底是谁  Show everyone what you really are!
我是西奥尼山的毛克利 这儿就是我的家  I'm Mowgli of the Seeonee and this is my home!
这是你干的最愚蠢的事了  That was the stupidest thing you could've done.
现在你已经是一无所有  Now you have nothing.
没爪子 没皮毛 没尖牙  No claws, no fur, no teeth
甚至没朋友  And no friends.
"本法则就是森林法则…  "This is the Law of the Jungle
"像上苍一般古老正确"  "as old and as true as the sky."
这是什么？  What is this?
"遵循的狼将繁荣昌盛…  "The Wolf that keeps it may prosper
"违反的狼必招致灭绝"  "but the Wolf that breaks it will die."
蠢货  You fools.
"似匍匐植物 缠绕树干…  "Like the creeper that girdles the tree trunk
"森林法则也左右不离"  "the Law runneth over and back."
行 你们竟敢无视我  Fine! Rise up, all of you!
非要卷进我和人孩之间的战斗吗？  You want to put yourselves between me and the mancub?
"孤狼之力来源于群体"  "and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack."
我要把你们都咬死  I will have you all in my teeth!
不  大家 跟我上  No!  Wolves, attack!
呆在那  Stay here!
我必须跟狼群一起战斗  But I wanna fight with the wolves!
你不是狼 你无法像他们一样战斗  You can't fight him like a wolf. You're not a wolf!
想象人会怎么做？  Fight him like a man.
快去吧  Now, go!
好的  Okay.
我去拖住谢力  We'll hold him off.
我们之间该做个了结了  It's time we put an end to this.
不  No!
是死树  Dead tree.
就剩你和我了  It's just you and me now!
快点 快 快  Break, break!
你无路可逃了 小子  You've got nowhere to go, mancub!
你以为我会让你顺利长大？  Did you think I would let you grow old?
要么让我吃了你 要么让花烧死你  Either I'll devour you or the Red Flower will.
都是迟早的事  It's just a matter of time.
你觉得跟我对抗 你能坚持多长时间？  How long did you really think you'd survive against me?
你能长过你父亲吗  Longer than your father did?
还是能长过阿克拉  Longer than Akela?
我现在不怕你了谢力  I'm not afraid of you!
你听到了吗？  Do you hear me?
我再也不会逃避你了  I'm done running from you!
干得漂亮 伙计  You stood your ground, old boy.
干得漂亮  You stood your ground.
妈妈 你快看  Ami, ami!
我的儿子  My son.
毛克利  是毛克利  Mowgli!  It's Mowgli!
毛克利  Mowgli.
你们快来看啊  Will you look at that?
他们用长长的牙在地上挖出沟渠…  And where they made furrows in the ground with their tusks
后来就变成了河流  there the rivers ran.
我这辈子经历过许多事情  In my years, I've seen a lot in this Jungle.
可那一晚…  But that night
我看到的一切永生难忘  I saw something I'll never forget.
我看见一个孩子…  I saw a little boy
用自己的力量…  without a people
破天荒地把森林里所有的动物 都团结了起来  bring all the Jungle together for the very first time.
还剩最后几个弯  J ust a few more turns.
我上去了  I'm going high!
走下面  Stay low.
就是不听劝  He never listens.
抓到了  Gotcha!
得了吧  你又上树  Come on, Mowgli.  You went in the tree.
不公平  差点逃掉  That wasn't fair.  We almost made it.
我说你们…  You guys
跑得也太快了  are going too fast.
没人教过你们怎么溜弯吗？  Anybody ever teach you how to jog?
他们在下面跑 就你一个在上面跑  You went high when everyone else stayed on the trail.
可你也是啊  可我不是狼啊  But that's what you do.  Maybe, but I'm not a wolf.
下次可要一起行动 来吧 伙计们  Next time, stay together. Come on, guys.
群体之力汇聚 汇聚 汇聚  "For the strength of the Pack is the"
孤狼  孤狼之力  Wolf.  "Wolf
"孤狼之力来源于群体"  "and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack."
毛克利回来了  Mowgli's back!
嘿 毛克利 等等我们  Hey, Mowgli! Wait for us.
你们快点  Hurry up, guys.
嘿 伙计们  Hi, Gray.
"看来不错 孩子们…  Look well, wolves.
"本法则就是森林法则  "This is the Law of the Jungle
"如上苍一般古老 正确  "as old and as true as the sky.
"遵循的狼将繁荣昌盛…  "The Wolf that keeps it may prosper
"违反的狼必遭致灭绝  "but the Wolf that breaks it will die.
"似匍匐植物 缠绕树干…  "Like the creeper that girdles the tree trunk
"森林法则也左右不离  "the Law runneth over and back.
"群体之力汇聚…"  "For the strength of the Pack"
风景不错嘛  This is nice up here.
他也会爬树了  Now he can climb.
你不会要跟我说 这就要下去了吧  Please don't tell me you're about to head down.
我会慢慢习惯的  I could get used to this.
Now I'm the king of the swingers
Oh, the jungle VIP
I've reached the top and had to stop
And that's what's botherin' me
I wanna be a man, mancub
And stroll right into town
And be just like the other men
I'm tired of monkeyin ' around
Oh, ooobe do
I wanna be like youoooo
I wanna walk like you, talk like you toooooo
You'll see it's trueoooo, someone like meeeee
Can learn to be like someone like youoooo
Now, don't try to kid me, mancub
I'll make a deal with you
What I desire is man's red fire
To make my dream come true
Now give me the secret, mancub
Come on! Clue me what to do
Give me the power of man's Red Flower
So I can be like you
Oh, ooobe do
I wanna be like youoooo
I wanna walk like you, talk like you toooooo
You'll see it's trueoooo, someone like meeeee
Can learn to be like someone like youoooo
Now you might think it's ridiculous that me
A Gigantopithecus, would ever dream
I'd like to team with the likes of you, mancub
But together we 'd have powers
All the Jungle's treasures, ours
I got desire
You got the fire
But the dream I dream takes two
So, oooooo
I wanna be like youoooo
I wanna use that flame
Just the same as you can do
Oh, how magnificus it would be
A Gigantopithecus like me
Could learn to do
Like you humans dooooo
Can learn to be like someone like youoooo
Can learn to be like someone like meeeee
Trust in me
Just in me
Shut your eyes
Trust in me
You can sleep
Safe and sound
Knowing I am around
Slip into silent slumber
Sail on a silver mist
Slowly and surely your senses
Will cease to resist
Just relax
Be at rest
Like a bird
In a nest
Trust in me
Just in me
Shut your eyes
And trust in me
Trust in me
Just in me
Shut your eyes
And trust in me
Yeah
Look for the bare necessities
The simple bare necessities
Forget about your worries
And your strife
I mean the bare necessities
Old Mother Nature's recipes
That bring the bare necessities of life
Wherever I wander Wherever I roam
I couldn't be fonder
Of my big home
The bees are buzzing
In the tree
To make some honey just for me
When you look under the rocks and plants
And take a glance at them fancy ants
And then maybe try a few
The bare necessities of life
They'll come to you!
Look for the bare necessities
The simple bare necessities
Forget about your worries
And your strife
I mean the bare necessities
That's why a bear can rest at ease
With just the bare necessities of life
So just relax
In my backyard
If you act like that bee acts
You're working too hard
Don't spend your time just looking around
For something you want that can't be found
When you find out you can live without it
And go along not thinking about it
I'll tell you something true
The bare necessities of life
The bare necessities of life
Will come to you
Water, air, love
House with a roof above
Talking 'bout the bare necessities of life
Wisdom, understanding, sleep
Good health is something you must keep
Forget about your worries and your strife
These are the bare necessities of life
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

