绿毛怪格林奇
照明  I  Illumination!
耶 照明  Yeah! Illumination!
哦    不是吧  Huh?    Aw, man.
更多精彩动画大片 动画长片 英语电影碟片  英文车载CD歌碟  可加微信LE315826咨询购买
绿毛怪格林奇
穿过你来的地方  Past the place that you come from,
远在你的世界之外  far beyond what you've seen,
有一个与你们一样的小镇  is a town like your town,
如果你的小镇是个梦…  if your town was a dream.
可这不是梦  Only it's not a dream
也不是骗人或诡计  or a hoax or a ruse.
早    今天是呼呼镇的圣诞节  Morning!    It is Christmas in Who  ville,
呼呼们的家    嘿  the home of the Whos.    Hey!
新鲜的薄荷面包  Fresh peppermint bread!
嘿 玛吉    早上好 弗雷德  Oh, hey, Marge.    Morning, Fred.
有圣诞节的味道  Smells like Christmas.
哇 你要去哪里？  Whoa! Where are you going?
嘿 汤姆    很高兴见到你 泰德  Hey, Tom.    Good to see you, Ted.
花环来了  Wreath Man! Wreath Man!
给你 孩子 拿一个花环吧  Here you go, kid. Have a wreath.
太酷了    祝你圣诞快乐  Oh, cool!    Merry Christmas to ya!
祝你今天快乐 亲爱的  Have a great day, dear!
你也是 亲爱的 今晚见    嘿  You, too, hon! See you tonight!    Hey!
快点 早安  Hurry up! Morning.
是的 呼呼镇很棒  Yes, Who  ville is great,
远近皆知  that is known far and wide,
十二月已经过了三个星期  and three weeks through December,
镇上正在快马加鞭  this place hits its stride.
呼呼镇的呼呼们  Yes, the Whos down in Who  ville
很喜欢圣诞节  like Christmas a lot.
但呼呼镇的北边 格林奇在他的洞穴中  But the Grinch in his cave, north of Who  ville...
却毫无节日气氛  did not.
圣诞老人要来镇上  Santa Claus is coming to town       Hmm?
圣诞老人  Santa Claus
来到镇上  Is coming to town...
圣诞节快乐  Feliz Navidad...
哟 今天是圣诞节 没有任何失望  Yo, it's Christmas, no dissin'
听着 所有的听众…  Listen, all you listeners...
在圣诞节的第一天  On the first day of Christmas
我的真爱送给我  My true love sent to me
一只鹦鹉  A partridge
在梨树上  In a pear tree...
在圣诞节的第二天  On the second day of Christmas
我的真爱送给我    麦克斯…  My true love sent to me       Max...!
两只鸽子…  Two turtle doves...
你是个卑鄙小人  You're a mean one
你真的是个小人    麦克斯  You really are a heel       Max...!
你像仙人掌一样可爱  You're as cuddly as a cactus
你像鳗鱼一样迷人  You're as charming as an eel
格林奇先生  Mr. Grinch
你是根烂香蕉  You're a bad banana, huh
格林奇先生  Mr. Grinch
带着油腻的黑皮  With a greasy black peel
你是个卑鄙的人  You're a vile one
你的笑容里有白蚁  You got termites in your smile
你有所有的苦甜  You have all the bittersweetness
晕船的鳄鱼  Of a seasick crocodile
格林奇先生  Mr. Grinch
你是一个肮脏的人  You're a foul one
朋友们 你没有  Friends, you don't have none
我不会碰你  I wouldn't touch you
用三十九英尺半的杆子  With a thirty  nine   and  a  half  foot pole
你是个怪物  You're a monster
你的心是个空洞  Your heart's an empty hole
你有大蒜    你有大蒜  You have garlic          You've got garlic
在你的灵魂里  In your soul
你的灵魂里有大蒜  You've got garlic in your soul
他们都笑了 伙计  All them smiles, homie
我让他们皱起眉头 所有的装饰  I turn 'em frowns, all them decorations
我把它们撕碎 你可以问麦克斯  I tear 'em down, you can ask Max
我不玩吗？  I don't play around          La, la, la, la
嘿 噢  Hey, oh
恩嘛  Ew...
这个卑鄙的家伙是谁  Who is this mean fellow
他全身绿绿的  With his skin all green
他的牙齿黄黄的  And his teeth all yellow?          Ew...
为什么要这么生气 万圣节来了  What you so mad for? Halloween come around
我们不会敲你的门  And we ain't knocking at your door, man
格林奇先生 你是根烂香蕉  Mr. Grinch, you're a bad banana
你会破坏每个人的心情  You gonna spoil everybody with your bad attitude
你会毁了所有人  You gon' spoil everybody
格林奇先生  Mr. Grinch
这个卑鄙的家伙是谁  La, la, la...          Who is this mean fellow
他全身绿绿的 牙齿黄黄的  With his skin all green and his teeth all yellow?
你为什么这么生气  Ooh!       What you so mad for?
万圣节来了  Halloween come around
我们不会敲你的门  And we ain't knocking at your door...
我快饿死了  I am starving.
麦克斯  Max.
这是什么烂豆子  What is this depressing bean?
不 不 不  No, no, no, no, no, no.
不可能  That's impossible.
不会是没吃的了吧  We can't be out of food.
什么？  Wha...?
我个人储备的麋鹿汁呢  Where's my personal reserve of moose juice?
还有鹅汁  And goose juice?
我的紧急储备呼哈汁呢  My emergency stash of Who Hash?
还有我的秘密冻蜂蜜乱炖呢  And my secret slew of frozen Beezle  Nut stew?
我特意购买了充足的食物 要持续到一月份的  I specifically bought enough food to last until January.
我到底暴饮暴食了多少  How much emotional eating have I been doing?
不 我不会的 才不要  No. I won't. I will not.
我不会去呼呼镇的 在圣…  I am not going to Who  ville during Ch...
圣…  Chri...
圣…  Chri...
圣诞节期间  Christmas! Ugh!
好吧 但是我会鄙视圣诞节  Fine. But I'm going to despise
的每一秒钟  every second of it.
来吧 麦克斯  Come on, Max.
是的 格林奇讨厌圣诞节  Yes, the Grinch hated Christmas,
整个圣诞季…  the whole Christmas season.
现在 请别问为什么  Now, please don't ask why.
没有人知道原因  No one quite knows the reason.
这可能是他脑袋  It could be his head
没被上紧发条  wasn't screwed on just right.
也许是他的  It could be perhaps that
鞋子太紧了  his shoes were too tight.
但我认为最可能的原因是  But I think the most likely reason of all
可能是他的心  may have been that his heart
尺寸只有两倍小  was two sizes too small.
记住 麦克斯  Now, remember, Max,
这是呼呼们一年中最爱  this is the time of year when the Whos
骗人的时间  are at their most deceptive.
我完全认可你  You have my full permission
攻击对我们说好话的人  to attack anyone who so much as says one kind word to us.
好 我们走  Okay, let's go.
早上好 伙计们    早  Morning, fellas.    Greetings.
准备好迎接圣诞节了吗？    你们好  Ready for Christmas?    Greetings.
很高兴见到你 工作怎么样？  Ah, good to see you. How's work?
时好时坏  Oh, could be better, could be worse.
嗨 圣诞快乐  Oh, hi. Merry Christmas.
等等 等等 等等 停一下车  Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! Hold the bus!
等等 停车  Wait. Stop. Oh, sor...    Whoa!
结果    嘿  Coming through.    Hey!
等等 山姆 等我一下  Wait! Wait! Sam! Hold the bus!
噢    抱歉 唐娜  Whew! Oh!    Sorry, Donna.
没事的 山姆  That's okay, Sam.
谢谢等我  Thanks for stopping.
你还在上夜班吧  Whew!    They still got you on the night shift, huh?
没错    对了  Sure do.    Oh, by the way,
辛迪露 忘了她的曲棍球…棒  Cindy  Lou forgot her hockey... stick.
铃儿响叮当  Jingle bells
圣诞节的味道  Christmas smells...
谢谢 先生  Mm  hmm.    Oh. Thanks, mister.
嘿  Hey!
你真是无耻   先生  You're a mean one, mister.
恐怖的一天  It's really such an awful day.
嘿 圣诞快乐    嗯？  Hey! Merry Christmas!    Huh?
节日快乐 苏  Happy holidays, Sue.
早上好 弗雷德  Good morning, Fred.
节日的问候 伙计们  Season's greetings, folks.
祝你圣诞快乐  And Merry Christmas to you...
舒适和快乐  Comfort and joy
愿上帝保佑你们 先生们  God rest ye merry, gentlemen       Ugh.
别难过  Let nothing you dismay
记住基督 我们的救世主  Remember Christ our Savior
诞生于圣诞节  Was born on Christmas Day
把我们从撒旦的力量中拯救出来  To save us all from Satan's power
当我们误入歧途时  When we were gone astray       Huh?
安慰和喜悦的消息  O tidings of comfort and joy
愿上帝保佑你们 先生们  God rest ye merry, gentlemen
别难过  Let nothing you dismay
记住  Aah...!       Remember
我们的救世主基督  Christ our Savior
诞生于圣诞节  Was born on Christmas Day
安慰和喜悦的消息  O tidings of comfort and joy, comfort and joy
安慰和喜悦的消息…  O tidings of comfort and joy...
你好 快乐假  Oh, hello. Happy holi...
这是什么  Ah. What's this?
抱歉  Excuse me.
你也要吗  Are you getting that?
我需要用它做圣诞馅料  I need it for my Christmas stuffing.
不需要  Mmm... no.
你很差劲哎  Well, that's not very nice.
啊 糖果  Oh, sugarplum!
不 今天不行 我干活清单有一英里长  Oh, no, I can't today. I have a list of errands
保姆走的时候碗都没洗  a mile long, and the babysitter left the sink backed up.
不 我不是在抱怨 我在发泄  No, I  I'm not complaining. I'm venting.
这是有区别的  There's a difference.
好 待会再跟你说  Okay. Uh, talk to you later.
我还要去吃早餐  I  I have to get breakfast on the table.
等我先通完下水道  Right after I unclog this drain again.
啊 简直就像混凝土  Ugh! It's like concrete!
辛迪露 亲爱的 来吃吧    来了  Cindy  Lou, sweetheart, come eat.    Coming!
巴斯特 我们说过的  Buster, we've talked about this.
你弟弟的头不是早餐  Huh?    Your brother's head is not breakfast.
好吧  Okay.
你没事吧 妈妈  You all right, Mom?
我吗 从来没这么好过  Me? Oh. Yes. Never better.
你把什么放在里面了 溜冰鞋？  Ah. What'd you put down here anyway, a roller skate?
不 是面糊 我和威尔伯女土做了饼干  No. Just batter. Me and Ms. Wilbur made cookies.
这就说得通了  Oh. That explains it.
来吃点鸡蛋    我不吃了  Come have some eggs.    I can't.
我要去寄东西 我还铺了床  I gotta go mail something. But I made the beds
还把弟弟们的玩具收好了  and put away the twins' toys.
谢谢你 亲爱的 你没必要这么做  Thanks, sweetheart. You didn't have to do that.
我不介意  I don't mind.
好像有东西烧起来了    等一下 亲爱的  Something's burning.    Just a second, sweetie.
豆豆 别用脚喂你哥哥  Bean, don't feed your brother with your feet.
妈妈 吐司    我来了  Mom! The toast!    I got it!
等等 你又要去哪里  Wait. Where are you going again?
我刚刚说了 寄信    好  I told you. To mail a letter.    Okay,
那你先过来一下  but just come here first.
妈妈 我得走了  Mom. I gotta go.
好吧  All right.
好了 现在你可以走了  Okay. Now you can go.
谢谢 妈妈 再见 巴斯特 再见 豆豆  Thanks, Mom. Bye, Buster. Bye, Bean.
别做我不想看到的事  Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
收到 妈妈  Roger that, Mom.
辛迪露 当她顺雪道而下去寄  Here goes Cindy  Lou Who as she dashes through the snow
一封非常重要的信  with a very important letter!
不 我要错过邮递员了  Oh, no! I'm gonna miss the mailman!
有近路  Shortcut!
快 快 快  Go, go, go, go, go, go, go!
祝你们胃口好  Bon appétit!
不好了  Oh, no!
小心  Watch out!
不 我的信  No! My letter!
你在搞什么鬼啊  What is wrong with you?
你没看见我吗 我是说 如果…  Didn't you see me? I mean, if that...
如果那是雪橇 我…我就死定了  if that was a sled, I  I... well, I'd be dead.
抱歉撞到你 但我有要紧事  I'm sorry for bumping into you, but this is really important.
你看到我的信了吗  Have you seen my letter?
就在那儿 麦克斯这是  And that right there, Max, is the true nature
呼呼小孩的本性 两句话不离 我 我 我  of the Who child: just right to "me, me, me.
我的信 我 我 我    不 你不明白  My letter. Me, me, me."    No, you don't understand.
这不仅仅是一封信 是特别的信  This isn't just a letter. This is the letter.
真的吗  Oh... really?
让我猜猜 小孩 12月20日  Let me guess. Small child, December 20,
疯狂地寻找一个 “真正重要的” 丢失的信  rabidly searching for a "really important" lost letter?
这是你对圣诞老人的需求清单吗  Might it be your list of demands to Santa?
这不是需求清单 更像是愿望清单  They're not demands. It's more like a wish.
而我所希望的非常重要  And what I'm wishing for is really, really important.
何必寄信呢 我是说既然这么重要  Well, then why send a letter? I mean, if it's really
你应该当面问他  that important, you should just ask him face  to  face.
但问题是 没人见过他  Oh, but that's right: no one's ever seen him.
我的错  Mmm, my bad.
来吧 麦克斯 我们走  Come on, Max, let's get out of here.
再见 小狗  Bye, doggy.
你有一个快乐的圣诞节吗  Have a holly jolly Christmas
这是最好的时间  It's the best time
那一年    他在那儿 麦克斯  Of the year       There he is, Max.
我不知道会不会下雪…  I don't know if there'll be snow...
最快乐的呼呼镇民  The happiest Who alive.
让人难以忍受的…  The unbearable...
布里克鲍姆  Bricklebaum.
他认为我们是朋友  He thinks we're friends.
快 动作迅速  Quick. Let's make a run for it.
我不知道会不会有雪    快 快  I don't know if there'll be snow       Go, go!
什么 那是什么？  Wha...? Wh  What was that?
不  No.
但是 喝杯酒吗  But have a cup of cheer
哈啰  Say hello
你认识的朋友  To friends you know
你遇到的每一个人  And everyone you meet!
用冬青树枝装点大厅  Deck the halls with boughs of holly...
我的天啊  Oh, my goodness,
格林奇先生 我来了 别动 格林奇先生  Mr. Grinch! I  I  I'm coming! Leave Mr. Grinch alone.
那个气球很难弄的  That's one tough balloon that you're fighting there.
你这个老冰瓜子  You old feisty frosty.
来吧 我扶你起来  Here, come on, let me help you up.
我 我不想要 也不需要你帮助  I  I  I do not want or need your help.
哦 染色剂  Oh. "Hair dye.
华丽的绿色女神  Gorgeous Green Goddess."
这是怎么来的  Oh. How did that get in there?
如果让你不自在了 请你原谅  Hey, I'm sorry if I made you uncomfy.
我们要消灭灰色  We all got to keep the gray away.
我自己用的巧克力爆炸色  I myself use Chocolate Explosion.
你知道吗 如果你想道歉  You know what? If you want to apologize for something,
为此道歉  apologize for that.
我的眼睛要被闪瞎了  My eyes are burning.
好吧 别怪我 你没听说吗  Well, don't  don't blame me. Haven't you heard?
镇长希望今年圣诞节规格高三倍  The mayor wants Christmas to be three times bigger this year.
这意味着三倍的灯光  That means three times the lights,
三倍的蛋酒 三倍的  three times the eggnog, three times the...
所需信息  Information needed.
你说的不错  That's a good one.
我明白了  Oh, I get it.
原来你是在开玩笑  This is one of your kidding things.
你所说的…  Finally, something you said is...
实在是太好笑了  actually funny.
我是经常开玩笑 但其实是…  Yeah, I do kid a lot, but no, this is actually...
三倍的圣诞节    好吧 这次会  Christmas three times bigger!    Well, you're just gonna have
很开心的 不是吗    亲爱的  a good time with this, aren't you?    Oh  ho, dear.
不 不 不 我    我得说 这真的很好  Oh, no, no, no, I  I  I  I...    I gotta say, it's really nice
能看到你笑    抱歉 我听不到你说什么  to see you laughing.    Sorry, I  I can't hear you.
我可不会说笑  I don't speak ridiculous.
你这是在尖叫  Oh, you're a scream.
祝你愉快 再见    待会见  Have a nice life. Good  bye.    I'll see you later.
天哪  Whew! Oh, man.
格林奇先生  Mr. Grinch.
我要醒着 才能见到圣诞老人  I'm gonna stay awake to see Santa!
站在屋外悬崖边  From the edge of his ledge,
在高高的空中  way up in the sky,
格林奇心烦意乱  the Grinch felt upset,
虽然他不知道为什么  though he wasn't sure why.
可能是因为圣诞节  It could've been Christmas,
所造成的喜悦气氛  all that joy and the such,
或者是曾经有过  or some thoughts from his past
却无法企及的想法  that he just couldn't quite touch.
然而不管是什么  But whatever it was,
这让他心情沉重  it made his heart moan.
虽然他现在已经习惯了  Though he was used to it now,
孤单一人  this being alone.
躲在他安全的洞穴里  And now safe in his cave,
远离吵闹  and apart from the fray,
他提醒自己…  he reminded himself...
这样才是最好的  It is better this way.
没错 对  That's right, yeah.
就在那儿 不 不 不是你兄弟身上  Just right there. No. No, not on your brother.
让妈妈来吧  Let Mommy do it.
辛迪露  Cindy  Lou!
别担心 妈妈  Don't worry, Mom.
我穿着四件滑雪外套  I'm wearing four ski jackets.
四件外套 你是不是有点热  Four jackets? Aren't you a little hot?
是出了一点汗  Yep. Sweatin' a little bit.
你要去哪儿吗  Are you going somewhere?
北极  North Pole.    Oh. Wow.
有什么特别的原因吗  Any, uh, particular reason?
我要和圣诞老人谈谈    圣诞老人啊  I got to talk to Santa.    Santa, huh?
是啊 这非常重要  Yeah. It's really important.
既然你要亲自去见他 那一定很重要  Well, it must be if you need to go see him in person.
那当然    好吧 祝你好运  It sure is.    Okay, then. Well, good luck,
也许一个月后再见你  and I guess I'll see you in about a month.
等等 去北极需要整整一个月吗  Wait. It takes a whole month to get to the North Pole?
至少一个月  Oh, yeah. At least.
等我到了那里 圣诞节早就结束了  Christmas will be over by the time I got there.
你说的没错 我们在圣诞节会想你的  Ah, that's true. Now, we would miss you at Christmas.
看来我得另作计划了  Wow. I guess I'm gonna have to come up with another plan.
也许趁你计划的时候  Hey, maybe while you're thinking,
你可以帮天使戴上光环  you could put the halo on the angel.
好  Okay.
要把外套脱下来吗  You want to take your jackets off?
脱一两件吧  Yeah, at least one or two of them.
不 孩子们 别拔天使的翅膀  No, boys, don't pull the angel's wings off.
天使需要翅膀  She needs those.
五枚金戒指…  Five gold rings...
所以 呃…  So, uh...
今天你想做点啥  what do you want to do today?
给我的生命来一点儿莫妮卡  A little bit of Monica in my life
给我的身边来一点儿艾瑞卡  A little bit of Erica by my side...
不知道 是吧  No idea, huh?
我有个想法  Ooh. I got one.
好吧 好吧 我很抱歉  All right, all right, I'm sorry.
你是条乖狗狗  You're a good dog.
但作为鼓手很糟糕  But a bad drummer.
你想做什么  What would you like to do?
输给狗 那就溴大了  More than embarrassing to be beaten by a dog.
那是什么  Oh. What's that?
将军 又一次  And checkmate. Again.
这世界怎么了  What in the world is happening?
那是什么  What is that?!
这是你见过最漂亮的  It's the most beautiful Christmas tree
圣诞树  you've ever seen!
三倍大  Three times bigger?
那是一百倍大  Th  Th  That's a hundred times bigger!
就等着今晚点亮圣诞树吧  Oh, you just wait till we light it tonight.
一定会灯火通明 你会和我们所有人  It'll sparkle so bright, you'll be celebrating Christmas
一起庆祝圣诞节  with the rest of us! Ho  ho!
伙计 我等不及了  Oh, man, I can't wait!
我要留着这棵树  I'm gonna keep at it.
晚点见 格林奇    不  I'll see you later, Grinchy.    No.
咱俩不会相见的  You will not see me later!
我也不会参加庆祝活动  And I will not be celebrating!
至于那棵树  And that tree...
那…树…  that... tree...
必须消失  has got to go.
来吧 妈妈    辛迪露 看那边  Come on, Mom!    Cindy  Lou, look over there.
哇 太神奇了    谢谢  Wow! That's amazing!    Thank you.
三眼袜子怪兽  Ooh, a three  eyed sock monster!
真棒的机器人  Awesome robot.
每年的这个时候是多么奇妙啊  Oh, how marvelous this time of year is.
欢迎各位呼呼镇民 参加一年一度的点圣诞树活动  Welcome, Who  ville, to the annual tree  lighting ceremony.
这些装饰品有多豪华  How spectacular are these ornaments?
大家 看看我做了什么  Look what I made, everybody.
这是一条圣诞龙  It's a Christmas dragon.
我做梦的时候梦见的  It came to me in a dream.
天哪  Oh, man.
嘿 巴塞洛缪    你好 女士  Hey, Bartholomew.    Hey there, Ms. Who.
给你    来了  Here you go.    Got it.
找个好地方  Find a good spot for it.
它去了  There it goes.
现在 准备打开 开关  Now, let's get ready to flip that switch
照亮天空  and light up the sky!
不  Oh  ho, no.
别在我眼皮底下 别想  Not on my watch, you don't.
再见 再见 去找格罗伯特  See you guys soon. Gonna go find Groopert.
好 玩得开心 再见 说 “再见”  Okay. Have fun. Bye. Say "bye."
给你 我希望你大哥能得偿所愿  Here you go. I hope your big brother gets what he deserves.
嘿 格罗伯特 生意怎么样  Hey, Groopert. How's business?
好 还没怎么卖  Good. What I can't sell...
就被我吃掉了  I can always eat.
我有重要的事和你谈  I need to talk to you about something really important.
好    来吧 走  Okay.    Come on, let's go.
好吧 看这个 格罗伯特  All right, check this out, Groopert.
今年圣诞前夜我要熬夜  I'm gonna stay up on Christmas Eve this year
来见圣诞老人  and meet Santa Claus.
哇 这太疯狂了  Whoa, that is crazy!
是啊 我必须要和他谈谈  Yeah, I really got to talk to him.
关于什么  About what?
是私事  Well, it's really personal.
但我要告诉你 因为你是我最好的朋友  But I'm going to tell you, because you're my best friend.
是关于我妈妈的  It's about my mom.
她通宵工作 整天照顾我们  She works all night and takes care of us all day.
这太不公平了  And it just isn't fair.
她表面上没事  She acts like she's fine...
但我知道 真的是辛苦她了  but I know, it's really hard for her.
所以我想 如果有人能解决这个问题 那就是圣诞老人了  So I figured, if anyone could fix that, it'd be Santa.
而我只是问他要一只乌龟  Wow. And I just asked him for a turtle.
开始了  Here we go!
开始了    好吧 呼呼镇 是时候  Oh. It's starting!    Okay, Who  ville, it is time
点亮这棵美丽的树了  to light this beautiful tree.
17 18 19 20  ...17, 18, 19 and 20.
好 锁定装弹  Okay. Lock and load.
好 就系在这里  All right, just attach this here,
然后发射  and we'll be ready to launch.
我知道 真希望我能看到  I know. I wish I could see
他们脸上的表情…  the look on their faces...
天哪 天哪 天哪  Oh, boy! Oh, boy! Oh, boy! Oh, boy! Oh, boy!
天哪 稳住 稳住  Oh, boy! Oh, boy! Hold on, hold on! Aah!
呼 天哪  Whew! Oh, boy.
好吧 天哪  Whoa... okay, oh, boy.
这可能更糟  That could've been so much worse.
开始倒计时吧  Let's begin the countdown.
十 九  Ten! Nine!
八 七  Eight! Seven!
六  Six!
五 四  Five! Four!
三 二    嘿  Three! Two!    Hey!
我的龙会飞  My dragon can fly!
一    不 不 不  One!    Oh, no, no, no, no.
天哪  Oh, my.
不 不 不  No, no, no, no. No!
不 不 啊  No! No! Aah!
太美了  Oh, it's beautiful.
好美啊  There it is.
呼呼镇有史以来最美的树  The most beautiful tree Who  ville has ever seen.
不 不  Oh, oh! No! No!
祝各位  Everyone,
圣诞节快乐  have a wonderful season.
不  No.
他穿过人群  He walked through the crowd,
声音和灯光…  and the sound and the lights...
他的耳朵听到了喜悦的轰鸣声  ...and his ears heard the thump of their joy and delights.
他想起了童年  And it took him right back to his earliest years,
那个迷失的孤独男孩 哭干了所有眼泪  to that lost, lonely boy who cried all of those tears.
那个迷失的孤独男孩  That lost, lonely boy,
孤独悲伤  isolated and sad,
没有自己的家  with no home of his own,
没有妈妈 也没有爸爸  no mom and no dad.
当格林奇环视四周时…  And as the Grinch looked around,
他感到非常害怕…  he felt downright scared...
他想起了那个无人  ...as he remembered that Christmas
关心的圣诞节  where nobody cared.
那里谁也没有  Where nobody showed,
甚至连跳蚤都没有  not even a flea.
没有贺卡  And there were no cards,
没有礼物 也没有树  no gifts and no tree.
当他看着其他孩子…  And as he watched other kids...
只有一个想法  Woop!    ...one thing became clear:
这是一年中最糟糕的一天  that this was the single worst day of the year.
而现在这一天又来了  And now here it was, that day once again,
他的那些感觉统统回来了  and he felt all those feelings he felt way back when,
当他看着呼呼镇 老老少少  when he'd watch Whos young and old
举家欢庆时  all sit down to feast, and they'd feast,
大饱口福  and they'd feast,
他们大饱口福 大饱口福 大饱口福  and they'd feast, feast, feast, feast.
他们会吃呼呼布丁  They'd feast on Who  pudding
和稀罕的呼呼烤兽  and rare Who roast beast.
令格林奇无法忍受  Which is something the Grinch could not stand in the least.
然后他们会做一些  And then they'd do something
他最不喜欢的事  he liked least of all.
每一个呼呼镇民 高的 矮的  Every Who down in Who  ville, the tall and the small,
都会在一起 等待圣诞钟声响起  would stand close together with Christmas bells ringing.
他们手牵手站在一起  They'd stand hand in hand,
呼呼们开始唱歌  and the Whos would start singing.
Fah who foraze
Dah who doraze
欢迎圣诞的到来 请你这边走  Welcome Christmas, come this way
Fah who foraze
Dah who doraze
欢迎圣诞的到来  Welcome Christmas, Christmas Day
欢迎   欢迎  Welcome, welcome
Fah who rahmus
欢迎   欢迎  Welcome, welcome...
他们会唱歌 他们会唱歌  They'll sing, and they'll sing,
他们会唱 唱 唱 唱  and they'll sing, sing, sing, sing!
是的 他无法忍受  Yes, he couldn't recall
那种刺痛  without feeling the sting.
所以 格林奇终于决定  So the Grinch finally declared...
我必须制止这一切  I must stop this whole thing.
为什么  Why?
53年来 我一直忍受着  For 53 years, I've put up with it.
现在  Now...
我必须阻止这次圣诞节  I must stop this Christmas from coming.
但是怎么做呢  But how?
然后他有了一个想法  Then he got an idea.
一个可怕的想法  An awful idea.
格林奇有了一个美妙而可怕的想法  The Grinch got a wonderful, awful idea.
我知道该怎么做了  I know just what to do.
我要偷走他们的圣诞礼物  I'm going to steal their Christmas.
所有的装饰品  All the trimmings,
所有的装饰  all the trappings,
他们所有的礼物和花环  all their gifts and garlands!
等他们醒来后 统统不见了  When they wake and see it's gone,
那么他们所有的快乐和幸福也会消失  then all their joy and happiness will be gone as well.
做好准备 麦克斯  So prepare yourself, Max.
因为明天…  For tomorrow...
我们有行动  We begin!
天才从练腹肌开始 麦克斯  Genius starts with the abs, Max.
是时候了  It's go time.
What are the rules for breakfast today?
What are the words I'm forbidden to say?
I need to let my hair down
And grow it like a real ah, ah, ah.
现在  And now...
要解决的问题就是  the question we have all been waiting for:
我将如何偷圣诞节  How will I steal Christmas?
好吧 准备想破你的小狗脑袋吧  Well, prepare to have your little doggy mind blown.
嗖  Poof.
哒 哒  Ta  da!
没错  That's right,
我将变成  I become...
圣诞老人  Santa Claus.
不是给于  But instead of giving
而是带走所有的快乐和幸福  all the joy and happiness, I'll take it away.
既然他在一个晚上能把圣诞节礼物送到全世界  If he can deliver Christmas to the whole world in one night,
我显然也可以从呼呼那里偷过来  then I can certainly steal it from little old Who  ville.
我是说 来吧  I mean, come on.
圣诞老人有什么我没有的  What's Santa have that I don't?
太伤人了  That's hurtful.
你拿我的保龄球  Um, what are you doing
干什么  with my bowling ball?
追逐  Chasing it.
你要把球拿到哪里去  And you're taking it where?
秘密    好吧  It's a secret.    All right.
但必须吃早餐 接住  But not without breakfast. Catch!
哇 华夫饼 我的最爱  Whoa! Waffles! My favorite!
谢谢 再见  Thanks! See you guys later!
来吧  Here we go.
嘿 辛迪露    你好 古宾斯先生  Hey, Cindy  Lou.    Oh, hey there, Mr. Cubbins.
卡 卡  Ca  caw! Ca  caw!
呼 呼  Woot, woot.
准备好了    好 我们走  Ready.    All right. Let's go.
抓稳了  Hold on!
走吧 我们走  Let's go, let's go. Let's move.
抓稳了  Hang on.
下车  Whoo!    And... dismount.
我们知道什么呢  So, what do we know?
华夫饼很好吃  Waffles are delicious.
超级美味 但我是说见圣诞老人  Super delicious. But I meant about meeting Santa.
我们知道 没有做过  We know no one's ever done it.
好 这个怎么样  Okay. How about this?
我睁大眼睛  I'm going to sit in the living room
坐在客厅里  with my eyes wide open like this,
如果开始打瞌睡 我就把眼睛睁开一点  and if I start to drift off, I'll just open them wider!
我超级肯定你会睡着的  Um, I'm pretty sure you're gonna fall asleep.
等你醒了    他早就不见了  And by the time you wake up...    He'll be gone.
除了饼干屑什么都没有  Nothing but cookie crumbs.
是啊 你说的对  Yeah, you're right.
有招了    告诉我  I got it!    Tell me!
枫糖浆  Maple syrup.
好吧 枫糖浆  All right, maple syrup.
把枫糖浆倒在屋顶 黏住驯鹿  We pour it on the roof, the reindeer get stuck,
然后它们就不能飞走了  and then they can't fly away.
科学  Science!
糖浆不会冻住吗  Won't the syrup just freeze?
很好的观点    此外 把枫糖浆  Good point.    Also, how do we get
弄到屋顶也是个问题  all that syrup on the roof?
是啊 我可没办法  Yeah, I got nothing.
等会  Wait a minute.
我想我明白了    什么  I think I got it.    What?
我们需要团队的支持  We're gonna need the whole gang for this one.
好  Okay.
如果我要变成圣诞老人  If I'm going to become Santa,
那我就得进入角色  then I need to get into character.
好的 让我们看看  All right, let's see.
“圣诞树”  "Christmas Tree."
“圣诞传统”  "Christmas Traditions."
“圣诞布丁”  "Christmas Pudding."
怎么什么都有布丁  How does pudding work its way into everything?
圣诞老人呢  Where is the Santa stuff?
看这个 女孩和男孩在糖果上  Look at this. Little girls and boys giggling
咯咯地笑  over sugarplums.
看他们是怎么  Look how they did the roof
用香草糖做的姜饼屋的  of the gingerbread house with vanilla icing.
小…小橡皮糖之家  Little... family of gumdrops.
太愚蠢了  So dumb.
超级愚蠢  So, so stupidly dumb.
啊 找到了  Ah, here we are.
“圣诞老人的传奇”  "The Legend of Santa Claus."
红外套 白胡子  Red suit, white beard,
总是笑眯眯  always in a jolly mood.
那不可能  Oh. That's not gonna happen.
好吧 我们先去  Oh, well. Let's just start
找些驯鹿  by finding ourselves some reindeer.
漂亮吗 麦克斯  Beautiful. Isn't it, Max?
这个 我的小朋友  This, my little friend,
是驯鹿号角  is the Rein  Horn.
能完美复制驯鹿求偶的叫声  It perfectly re  creates the mating call of the reindeer.
请看  Behold.
看那里  Oh. Hey there.
抱歉 小山羊 我在召唤驯鹿  Sorry, little goat. I was calling for a rein...
那是什么  What was that?!
滚 快滚  Scram! Skedaddle!
奇怪的山羊  Strange goat.
现在 驯鹿迁徙了  Now, reindeer migrate,
所以也许我们还能抓到几头往南过冬的  so maybe we'll catch a few headed south for the winter.
还写着 他们倾向于在茂密的森林中求偶  I also read that they tend to mate in densely wooded...
你能不能别再跟着我们了  Will you stop following us?!
走开 回山羊农场去  Shoo! Away! Go back to the goat farm.
去吃罐头吧  Go eat a can.
好 刚才的事完了 回到手头的任务  All right, now that that's over, back to the task at hand.
雪有点干冷啊  Whew! It's a little crisp.
越来越  Oh, it's getting...
真的 太冷了  really... c  cold.
哦 天哪  Oh, goodness!
无法…  Can't...
感觉我的嘴唇了  feel my lips.
不能眨眼了  Can't... blink.
眼珠子…冻住了  Eyes... frozen!
麦克斯  Max...
我们发现了一大群  we've hit the mother lode.
我们会有100只驯鹿  We'll have 100 reindeer
拉我们的…  to pull our...
圣诞老人有八头  Well, Santa had eight.
它像吃了另外七头  He looks like he ate the other seven.
看我的 麦克斯  Watch and learn, Max.
我看行  All right.
啊 冻死了 臭死了…  Aah! Frozen, stinkin'...
别舔了  Stop. Stop.
前进 我毛茸茸的朋友们  Onward, my furry friends.
我们正朝着命运前进  We're walking toward destiny.
我们进去吧  Let's get in there!    Whoo  hoo!
你一喊 我们就来了  All right, you called, we came.
怎么了    是啊 有问题吗  So what's up?    Yeah, what's the deal?
谢谢这么快就来了 伙计们  Thanks for getting here so fast, guys.
跟我来  Follow me.
有什么大秘密  So, what's the big secret?
我没多少时间 我父母设置了计时器  Yeah, I don't have very long. My parents set the timer.
哥们    别问了 是新装置  Dude.    Don't ask. It's new.
好了 各位 振作起来  All right, everybody, brace yourselves.
在48小时内  In exactly 48 hours,
我们要做一些以前从未做过的事情  we are going to do something that's never been done before.
我们要  We're gonna...
逮住圣诞老人  trap Santa Claus!
圣诞老人  Santa Claus
即将到来…  Is coming...
逮住圣诞老人 为什么  Trap Santa? Why would we want to do that?
偷他所有的玩具 我喜欢  Duh. To steal all his toys. I love it.
耶    好主意啊  Oh, yeah!    That's a great idea!
不 不是要偷玩具  No, not to steal his toys.
是和他谈谈  To, um, to talk to him.
什么 为什么要和他谈    这是私事  What? Why do you want to talk to him?    It's personal.
确实是私事    要是你不  Yeah, it's kind of personal.    Well, I don't want
告诉我 我就不做  to do it if you won't tell me why.
你在说什么 私事    阿克塞尔  What are you talking about, "personal"?    Axl,
你那次要借16块钱和我妈妈的行李箱  when you asked to borrow $16 and my mom's suitcase,
我有问你为什么吗  did I ask you why?
没有    还有你 奥兹  No.    And what about you, Ozzy?
记得那次你被困在…  Remember when you got stuck in that...
好吧 好吧 我的天  All right, all right, okay. Geez.
我这么做 是因为你是我的朋友  I did it because you're my friend,
因为我有重要的事  and when something matters to you,
这对我来说很重要  that means it matters to me.
太好了    好吧  That's beautiful.    Okay, okay, okay.
你说服了我  You convinced me.
算我一个    好吧 我们全参加  Count me in, too.    All right, we're in.
太好了 现在 开始行动    那就行动吧  Great! Now, let's do this.    Yeah, let's do this!
耶 真棒    就这么干  Oh, yeah! Awesome!    Let's make it happen.
太酷了 这太酷了  Whoa, cool. That is so cool.
骑自行车  To the bikes!    Yeah!
辛迪露 吃晚餐了    走吧 伙计们 晚餐  Cindy  Lou! Dinnertime!    Let's go, guys! Dinnertime!
该吃饭了    晚餐  Time to eat!    Ooh, dinner.
记得明早要碰头  All right, we meet first thing in the morning.
好    好 明天见  Okay.    All right, see you tomorrow.
明早见    奥兹 时间到了  See you guys in the morning.    Ozzy! Timer!
好的 妈妈  Okay, Mom.
这是场最大的雪  This is the loudest snow
我这辈子都没听说过  I've ever heard in my life.
你们两个 绕到后面去  You two, go around the back.
等我把雪橇从屋顶上推下来 明白么  Wait for me to drop the sleigh from the roof. Okay?
去吧 各位  Go, team.
什么 发生什么事了  What? Wha  What's going on?
谁教梅布尔怎么使用门铃的  Hey. Who taught Mabel how to use the doorbell?
伙计 这太棒了  Man, that's awesome.
你这只聪明的小狗  You smart little dog.
Mother and child
这是什么回事  Holy infant       Huh? What's this?
如此的温柔亲切  So tender and mild
睡在天堂里  Sleep in heavenly
安宁  Peace
睡在  Sleep
天堂里  In heavenly
安宁  Peace.
好 来了 准备好  All right, here it comes. Get ready.
你告诉…  Jingle bells, jingle bells       You tell...
什么  What? Oh!
看那个 梅布尔现在正在送蛋糕  Oh, look at that. Mabel is delivering cakes now.
我是说 这是最好的圣诞节 是不是  I mean, is this the best Christmas, or what?
哦，驾车多欢畅  Oh, what fun it is to ride
在开放的雪橇上  In a one  horse open sleigh...
我的天啊  Oh! Holy moly!
打开雪橇…？  Open sleigh...
伙计 我不知道蛋糕里有什么  Man, I don't know what's in this cake,
但我想我刚刚看到了圣诞老人  but I think I just saw Santa Claus.
让我再拿一块  Let me get another piece.
今天很好  Today was great.
我们做到了  We did mean things,
有型又有款  and we did them in style.
麦克斯 你知道规矩的  Max, you know the rules.
你睡你的床  You sleep in your bed,
然后我睡…  and I sleep in...
不是吧你 简直不敢相信  Oh, no, no, not you, too. I don't believe this.
麦克斯 是你教它小狗眼的吗  Max, did you teach him puppy eyes?
好吧  Fine.
下不为例  This one time.
一杯不错的咖啡  Mmm! Now, that is a great cup of coffee.
麦克斯 今早 我们两个去侦察  Max, this morning, you and I need to do some recon.
弗雷德 你就坐在那儿  Fred, you just sit right there.
什么都别碰  And don't touch anything.
情报 麦克斯 这就是我们要找的  Intel, Max, that's what we're after.
呼呼镇有多少栋房子  How many houses are in Who  ville,
有多少镇民  and how many Whos?
有多少花环、 树木和烟囱  How many wreaths and trees and chimney flues?
我会时刻在你耳边  I'll be in your ear the whole time,
无论你看到什么  and whatever you're seeing,
我在监视器都能看到  I'll be seeing on the monitor.
准备 现在 走你 麦克斯  Ready? Now, off you go, Max.
飞吧 孩子  Fly, boy.
飞翔吧  Fly!
麦克斯 别再撩妹了  Max, stop socializing.
赶紧飞过去看看  Now, let's go in for a look.
好 橡树街有六幢房子  Okay, six houses on Oak Street.
小心  Oh, watch out!
好的 继续走  Huh.    Okay, go. Go, go, go.
现在 穿过主街 去南边看看  Now, cut through Main Street and survey the south side.
圣诞快乐  Merry Christmas!
看看那些贪婪的小礼物怪物  Look at those greedy little gift monsters,
装满了圣诞垃圾  loading themselves up with Christmas junk.
好了 麦克斯 右转  Okay, Max, turn right here.    Whoa!
所以我今早醒来 穿好衣服喝咖啡  So I woke up this morning, got dressed, had my coffee,
走到外面 望着屋顶  went outside, looked on the roof.
我的雪橇不见了  My sleigh was gone.
天哪 我不知道是谁拿走的  My, my, I wonder who took it.
好 看看这里 如果我们…  Okay, let's see here. If we do...
每小时看28栋房子  28 houses an hour
六个小时 那不是香肠吗  for six hours, that would be sausages.
香肠  Sausages?!
麦克斯 想都不要想  Max! Don't even think about it.
麦克斯  Max!
麦克斯 你没事吧  Max, are you okay?
麦克斯  Max?
嘿 看 是我  Oh, hey, look, it's me.
亲爱的 啊  Oh, dear. Aah!
坏狗狗  Bad dog.
弗雷德 我们回来了  Fred, we're home!
弗雷德…  Fred...?
你在做什么  What are you... doing?
好吧  Okay.
来吧 我们还有工作要做  Come on, we got work to do.
现在 我们规划一下路线  Now, let's plan our route.
首先 往南 然后快速往东  First, now, we go south, quick jaunt to the east,
然后这个房子 跳过细节  and then this house, skip the subdivision for the moment,
搞定镇子的东南角  knock off the entire southeast quadrant of the town,
然后搞定上面一切  and then we finish it all up...
口哨呼呼街  on Whistling Who Lane.
这是223栋房子  That's 223 houses
天黑只有7小时  and only seven hours of darkness to work with.
这表示我们必须又快又利落  That means we have to be fast and focused.
相信我 会有很多诱惑…  And believe you me, there will be temptation...
包围我们的  all around us.
玫瑰上的雨滴  Raindrops on roses
还有小猫的胡须……  And whiskers on kittens...
看呐 礼物  Behold! The present.
这是我们的敌人  This is our enemy.
你会很想打开礼物  You will want to unwrap it.
然后玩上一玩  And... play with it.
这是我少数特别喜欢的一些东西  These are a few of my favorite things...
但你绝对不能  But you must not!
过了礼物这一关  And if you can get past the present,
唯一的障碍是…  the only obstacle left is...
饼干  ...the cookie.
它里面有 红红的闪亮亮的糖  Look at it in all its red, sugary splendor.
不 不 不 看看你们自己  No, no, no. Look at yourselves.
要有纪律 我们必须…  Discipline. We must...
抵抗诱惑  ...resist.
你准备好了吗    差不多了  Are you ready?    Almost.
好好想想  Good. Think jolly.
仔细想想    我准备好了  And fat.    Okay, I'm ready.
快点 大家躲起来  All right, quick. Everybody, hide.
三 二 一  Three, two, one,
圣诞老人  cue Santa!
说的是你 格罗伯特  That means you, Groopert.
看看这漂亮的房子  Ho, ho, ho, ho. Look at this pretty house.
我必须送礼物  I will leave presents for the people.
得了吧 这不是学校演出 伙计  Come on, it's not the school play, dude.
那我为什么要穿这套衣服    格罗伯特  Then why do I have to wear the outfit?    Groopert!
重点 去拿饼干  Focus. Just get the cookie!
但我看到上面有绳子  But I can see the strings.
别担心 晚上会很黑的  Stop worrying. It'll be dark at night.
如果他有手电筒呢  What if he has a flashlight?
你什么时候见过圣诞老人拿手电筒  Have you ever seen a picture of Santa with a flashlight?
没有 但我只是…    格罗伯特  No, but I just...    Groopert,
拿饼干  just pick up the cookie!
这里有什么  Hmm. What do we have here?
美味的小甜饼  A delicious little cookie.
格罗伯特  Groopert!
格罗伯特  Groopert?
伙计们  Uh, hey, guys.
我还能吃饼干吗  Do I still get to eat the cookie?
我把雪橇稍微做了点修改  All right, so I tinkered with our sleigh a bit.
看呀  Behold!
看看这个 麦克斯  Look at this, Max.
你拉起来超有风度  Now you'll be riding in style.
还有狗王子专座  A throne for a barking prince.
你觉得怎么样  How do you like that?
好了 弗雷德 你是这台伟大  All right, Fred, you are the engine
机器的引擎  of this great machine.
懂吗  Understood?
很好  Good.
现在 记住 这只是一个练习  Now, remember, this is just a practice run,
但我们的团队 练习就像玩  but on this team we practice like we play.
向雪地出发  So let's leave it all out on the snow.
好  Oh! Okay!
好了    感觉怎么样啊？  All right, how about that?
现在 加快步伐 看看她能不能应付  Now, let's pick up the pace and see how she handles.
抓稳了  Hang on!
不 不 不 没事的  No, no, no. No problem.
一切尽在掌控中  It's all... under control.
我们成功了 麦克斯  We're doing it, Max. We are doing it!
我们不会…  We will not be...
停了？  ...stopped?
怎么了 弗雷德  What happened? Fred?
抱歉 我们不需要更多的驯鹿了  sorry, but we don't need any more reindeer.
你们走吧  No. Go. Get. Shoo.
这边满人了  I have what I need.
没问题   弗雷德  It's okay, Fred.
又只剩我们自己了 麦克斯  On our own again, Max.
那是圣诞节前的一天  It was the day before Christmas,
呼呼镇民都很忙碌  and the Whos were abuzz,
全都在忙圣诞节的事  all doing the things that a Christmas Who does.
有的出去买礼物 有的到处转悠  Some were out buying presents, others just milled about.
给您 先生    但是全镇充满的欢乐  There you go, sir.    But the whole town felt joyous,
毫无疑问  of that there was no doubt.
天气很好 很快就会下雪了  The weather was perfect, and soon snow would fall.
这肯定是…    好了 大家准备好了吗  This surely would be...    All right, everyone ready?
最棒的圣诞节  ...the best Christmas of all.
麦克斯 你在这儿  Max! There you are.
看看这个  Check this out.
我一直在做很多很酷的……东西  I've been making lots of cool... Whoa!...stuff!

再来一杯咖啡  Ooh, more coffee.
今晚很重要  It's gonna be a big night.
我们所需要的都有了  We got all the gizmos and gazmos we need,
但还缺装备  but we still don't have the proper outfit.
我们去拼拼凑凑  Come on, let's do a little stitching.
Uh, gifts I'm preparing
For some Christmas sharing
But I pause because
Hanging my stocking
I can hear a knocking
Is that you, Santa Claus?
只剩下一件事了  There's only one thing left to do.
That's him, all right.
麦克斯  Max?
你知道你是什么吗  Do you know what you are?
你是个强壮的小家伙  You are a sturdy little fella.
而且很忠诚  And loyal.
非常忠诚  Very loyal.
事实上 我觉得你是最好的狗  In fact, I think you're the best dog
格林奇能够指望的  a Grinch could hope for.
所以…  And that is why...
我任命你  I'm promoting you.
麦克斯  Max...
今晚你来拉我的雪橇  you will guide my sleigh tonight.
哈哈  Ha  ha!
就知道你不会让我失望  I knew you wouldn't let me down.
现在是圣诞节前夕  It was now Christmas Eve.
空气中洋溢着喜悦  There was joy in the air.
再过几个小时 圣诞老人就会来了  For in just a few hours, Santa Claus would be there.
礼物会被留下 长袜都满了  And the gifts would be left, and the stockings all filled.
而期待  And the anticipation,
又要重新开始  well, it started to build.
奥兹 你在干什么  Ozzy, what are you doing?
想让自己 累着  Trying... to get... myself tired.
圣诞夜的黎明还有8小时  All right, eight hours till Christmas morning.
那是28,800秒  That's 28,800 seconds.
那就睡觉吧  Okay, and... sleep!
华夫一号 我是华夫饼二号  Waffle One, this is Waffle Two.
你在那吗 完毕  Are you there? Over.
我听的很清楚 华夫二号  I read you loud and clear, Waffle Two.
我是格罗伯特    好的 明白  This is Groopert, by the way.    Yeah, I got that.
我想祝你和圣诞老人  Oh. I just wanted to wish you good luck
好运    谢了 明天谈  with Santa Claus.    Thanks. Talk tomorrow.
你最后一刻对圣诞老人有什么愿望吗  So, you got any last  minute wishes for Santa?
是的 我有一个伟大的愿望  Yep. I have one great big wish.
很好 这是你应该得到的  Good. Because you deserve everything you want and more.
谢谢 妈妈  Thanks, Mom.
我也有一样东西给你  I want the same thing for you.
我怎么会有这么好的女儿呢  How did I end up with such a wonderful daughter?
谁知道呢 有时候你只是走运而已  I don't know. Sometimes you just get lucky.
那我还真是走运  Well, then I really did.
我也是  Me, too.
我爱你 妈妈  I love you, Mom.
我爱你 亲爱的  I love you, sweetheart.
晚安    晚安  Good night.    Good night.
格林奇已经准备出发了  The Grinch was now ready to start his big trip.
他像船长一样站在大雪橇上  He stood like a captain aboard a great ship.
现在是时候起飞了  Yes, the time had now come to take off like a shot.
来吧 麦克斯  Here we go, Max.
让我们看看你的能力  Let's see what you've got!
什么  What?
麦克斯  Max?
麦克斯 你没事吧  Max, are you okay?
厉害 麦克斯  Yeah, Max!
好样的  Attaboy!
去吧 孩子 走  Go, boy! Go!
格林奇终于迎来了  And down the Grinch came
他伟大的宿命  on his great fateful ride,
朝着呼呼镇的美好家园  toward the good homes of Who  ville
还有镇上的圣诞节  and the Christmas inside.
他已经计划好了 准备好了  He had planned it and prepped it,
大大小小的细节  big detail to small.
现在他能毁掉圣诞节  Yes, he'd get rid of Christmas now,
一劳永逸  once and for all.
你负责外面 我负责里面  You take the outside, I'll take the inside.
一号房子  House number one.
他准备扑过去  He was ready to pounce
把东西全部都拿走  and set the score right.
他要弥补过去 就在今晚  He'd make up for the past, and he'd do it tonight.
好  Okay...
现在 我们来偷走圣诞节  now, let's steal Christmas.
他像巫师一样把他们的  He swept up their presents
礼物一扫而光  with the speed of a wiz.
他知道自己会引起悲伤  And he knew he'd cause sadness.
只不过是他们的悲伤 不是他的  Only theirs now, not his.
所有这些过度消费品和废物  All this excess and nonsense,
都与贪婪有关  it was all about greed.
他们甚至需要  About meaningless stuff
毫无意义的东西  that they didn't even need.
格林奇开工了  The Grinch went to work.
他拿走了玩具  He scooped up the toys.
他与时间赛跑 他与喜悦赛跑  He raced against time. He raced against joy.
他走过时  He hit a few snags
遇到了一些小麻烦  as he made his way through.
一只愤怒的橙猫…  An angry orange cat...
和梦游者  and a sleepwalking Who.
谢谢 妈妈  Thank you, Mommy.
他偷了玩具枪和自行车  He stole pop guns and bicycles,
旱冰鞋 鼓  roller skates, drums,
棋盘 三轮车 爆米花和李子  checker boards, tricycles, popcorn and plums.
小工具和小玩意儿 还有奇怪名字的娃娃  Gadgets and gizmos, and dolls with strange names,
傻瓜和闪光灯球和电子游戏  goofballs and shloof  balls and video games.
他偷啊 偷啊 偷  And he swiped and he poached.
一直在偷  Yes, the stealing was on.
他所憎恨的这一天  And this day that he hated,
他使之消失了  well, he made it be gone.
就是这里 最后一栋房子  This is it, the last house.
冲破大风雪  Mmm, mmm, dashing through the snow
我们坐在雪橇上  In a one  dog open sleigh
还有一栋房子要去  圣诞节也就随之消失了  One more house to go, and Christmas goes away.
搞什么鬼  Oh, what the heck?
他在这儿  He's here!
哇 什么…  Whoa. What the...?
我怎么才能下来  How do I get out of this?
圣诞老人  Santa Claus.
你好  Oh. Uh, hello.
请帮个忙好吗  A little help, please?
我会让你下来的 给我一点点时间  I'll let you down. Just give me a minute.
那太好了  Oh, that would be great.
我来了 赶紧想想  I'm coming. Just trying to remember...
是哪根线来着  which cord it is.
不  Oh, no!
我很抱歉  I'm so sorry.
你没事吧  Are you okay?
我想没事  Yeah. I  I guess so.
让我来帮你  Let me help you.
坐下来  Sit down here.
喝了  Whew.    Drink this.
这会让你感觉好点  It'll make you feel better.
谢谢  Uh... thanks.
哇 不敢相信真的是你  Wow. I can't believe it's really you.
是我  Uh... yeah.
我很抱歉这个陷阱什么的  I'm so sorry about the trap and everything,
但我真的需要…  but I really need...
嘿 你为什么要拿走我们的圣诞树  Hey. Why are you taking our Christmas tree?
因为  Well...
其中有个灯坏了  uh, one of the lights wasn't working,
所以我想把它带回车间  so I thought I'd take it back to the workshop
看看能不能修好它  and see if I could fix it.
我不知道你还负责修灯泡  I didn't know you did that.
那当然  Yeah. Sure.
现在 你为什么不回楼上去睡觉  Now, why don't you go back upstairs to bed,
当你醒来的时候 树就修好了  and then when you wake up, the tree will be fixed
你的礼物就会在树下    等等  and your presents will be waiting under it.    Wait.
你不明白 我不想要礼物  You don't understand. I don't want presents.
你当然想 每个人都想要礼物  Of course you do. Everyone wants presents.
不 不 真的 我不要 我要你帮我妈妈  No, no, really, I don't. I want you to help my mom.
你妈妈  Y  Your mom?
是的 她工作很辛苦  Yeah. She works so hard
而且总是为别人做事  and is always doing stuff for other people.
我只是想让她开心  And I just want her to be happy.
你想要我帮…你妈妈  You want me to help... your mom?
你是圣诞老人  You're Santa.
你让人们快乐  You make people happy.
每个人都该快乐 对吧  And everyone should be happy, right?
可我…  Y  Yeah, I...
我想是的  I guess they should.
圣诞老人  Santa,
你没事吧  are... are you okay?
什么？  What?
我很好  Uh... yeah. I'm fine.
现在 你为什么不回去睡觉呢  Now, why don't you go back up to bed, hmm?
好  Okay.
我希望你明天能和我们一起庆祝  I wish you could celebrate with us tomorrow.
我们一起唱歌  We all get together and sing.
好听极了  It's so beautiful that
如果你闭上眼睛听  if you close your eyes and listen,
你所有的悲伤都会消失  all of your sadness just goes away.
听起来不错  That sounds nice.
谢谢你 圣诞老人  Thank you, Santa.
晚安  Good night.
晚安  Good  good night.
我刚遇到了最奇怪的小女孩  I just met the strangest little Who girl.
好了 麦克斯 我们走吧  All right, Max. Let's go.
他想忘记 但他满脑子都是那些话  He tried to forget it, but the words filled his head,
他发现自己在回想  and he found himself thinking
小姑娘说的话  about what the young girl had said.
很难想象  It was hard to imagine.
会是真的吗  Could it really be true?
但是如果他们都能快乐  But if they could all be happy,
也许他也可以快乐  maybe he could be, too.
什么？  What?
她感到头晕目眩  Her head felt unsteady,
她要心脏病了  and her heart was just sick.
哦 不    这一定是个玩笑  Oh, no.    It must be a joke
或恶作剧或诡计  or a prank or a trick.
谁会做这样的事  Who would do such a thing?
谁会这么下三滥  Who would stoop down this low?
然后小姑娘意识到…  And then one little girl realized...
她可能知道  she might just know.
3,000英尺高 在克伦特山的一侧  3,000 feet up, up the side of Mount Crumpit,
格林奇带着他的战利品 回到山顶卸货  the Grinch rode with his load to the tip  top to dump it.
继续前进  Keep going.
我们会成功的  We're gonna make it.
哦   天啊   发生什么事了？  Oh, dear. Wha... What happened?
装饰在哪里    所有的礼物    天啊  Where's the decorations?    All the presents.    Aw, man.
妈妈 这是我的错  Mom... it's my fault.
你怎么了  What... What is?
所有这一切  All of this.
我昨晚困住了圣诞老人  I  I trapped Santa last night,
因为我想让他为你做些特别的事  'cause I wanted to ask him to do something special for you.
但我想 我让他生气了  But I think I made him mad,
所以他偷走了大家的圣诞节  and that's why he stole everyone's Christmas.
不 不 不 不 亲爱的  No. No, no. No, honey,
这不是你的错  this isn't your fault.
他没有偷圣诞节  He didn't steal Christmas.
他只是偷了东西  He just stole stuff.
圣诞节就在这里  Christmas is in here.
而且 我已经拥有了我所能得到的最好的礼物  And besides, I already have the greatest gift I could ever get.
就是你  You.
再推一下就好了  Just one more shove.
那是什么 你听到了吗  What's that? Do you hear it?
Dah who doraze
欢迎圣诞节的到来  Welcome Christmas, Christmas Day
欢迎    欢迎  Welcome, welcome...
他们在唱歌  They're singing?
欢迎    欢迎  Welcome, welcome...
我不明白 麦克斯  I don't understand, Max.
圣诞节的到来  Christmas Day
只要我们还有双手  Is in our grasp
难道他们不知道我做了什么吗  Don't they know what I've done?
就可以迎接圣诞节的到来  So long as we have hands to clasp
Fah who foraze
Dah who doraze
欢迎回家 欢迎回家  Welcome home, welcome home
欢迎回家  Welcome home...
当他看着那个小姑娘  As he watched the small girl,
他觉得自己要融化了  he thought he might melt.
如果他和她一样唱歌  If he did what she did,
他会和她一样感受  would he feel what she felt?
甜美的歌声越飘越高  And the luscious sound swelled,
直达天际  reaching up to the skies.
格林奇用心听  And the Grinch heard with his heart,
他的心脏增加了两倍  and it tripled in size.
什么 不  What? Oh, no.
不 不 不  No, no, no, no!
哦 不  Oh, no!
别担心 有我在  No, don't worry. I got it.
麦克斯 没事的 我…  Max, it's okay. I'm...
不 不 不  Oh, no, no, no, no.
麦克斯…  Max...!
弗雷德？  Fred?
你…  You...
你回来了  you came back.
麦克斯 礼物 我们必须归还他们  Max, the gifts. We have to return them.
在 听到了  And having heard
呼呼镇的善良 还有呼呼镇的歌  the Whos' goodness, having felt the Whos' song,
他试图纠正他所犯的错误  he tried to make right what he had made wrong.
欢迎回家  Welcome home
欢迎回家  Welcome home...
大家好  hello, everybody.
是我  it was me.
我偷了你们的圣诞礼物  I stole your Christmas.
我偷是因为…  I stole it because...
因为我以为能解决  because I thought it would fix something
很久以前的问题  that happened a long time ago.
但事实并非如此  But it didn't.
我很抱歉  And I'm sorry.
我真的很抱歉  I'm so very sorry.
对于一切  For everything.
现在不行 麦克斯  Not now, Max.
我想一个人静静  I need to be alone.
我还以为你会喜欢呢  I  I  I kind of thought you might like it.
你不喜欢吗 我可以把它拿回来  You don't like it? Oh, I could take it back.
这没什么大不了的 我只是想也许你…  It's not a big deal. I just thought maybe you...
嘿  Oh. Hey.
也祝你圣诞快乐 麦克斯  Merry Christmas to you, too, Max.
那就老了  Uh, that's gonna get old.
什么鬼  What was that?
呃…你好  Uh... hello.
你好  Hi.
还记得我吗  Remember me?
记得  Yes. Yes, I do.
我记得你  I remember you.
我叫辛迪露  My name is Cindy  Lou.
辛迪露是个呼呼  Cindy  Lou Who.
很高兴认识你 辛迪露  It's nice to meet you, Cindy  Lou.
我叫格林奇  Uh, oh, m  my name is Grinch.
这是麦克斯  And, uh, th  this is Max.
哇 很高兴见到你 麦克斯  Whoa! Nice to meet you, Max.
我是来邀请你到我家吃圣诞晚餐  I just came to invite you to our house for Christmas dinner.
什么 我吗  What? Me?
但我拿走了你的礼物  But I took your gifts.
是的 我知道    还有你的树  Yeah, I know.    And your trees.
对  Yup.
我偷走了你整个圣诞节  I stole your whole Christmas.
我知道是你干的  I know you did.
但我们还是邀请你  But we're inviting you anyway.
但是为什么呢  But why?
因为…你一个人够久了  Because... you've been alone long enough.
晚餐在6点  Dinner's at 6:00.
不要迟到  Don't be late.
别忘了带着你可爱的狗狗  And make sure you bring your sweet doggy, too.
Chestnuts roasting
好  On an open fire...       Right. Okay.
这是个坏主意 我 我不能…  Um, this is a bad idea. I  I  I can't...
我不能这么做  I can't do this, I can't do this.
他们会恨我的  They're all gonna hate me.
好吧  All right.
我按了  I did it.
格林奇先生  Oh! Mr. Grinch!
我很高兴你决定来  I'm so happy you decided to come.
欢迎  Welcome.
谢谢你邀请我  Th  Thank you for inviting me.
呃 我戴了领带  Uh, I  I wore a tie.
非常漂亮的领带 辛迪露 看谁来了  And it's a very nice tie. Cindy  Lou! Look who came!
格林奇先生 你来了  Mr. Grinch! You're here!
你好  Hello.
快进来 我带你四处看看  Come on in. I'll show you around.
好的  Oh. Okay.
We'll find it hard to sleep
你好 格林奇先生  Tonight...       Hello, Mr. Grinch.
圣诞快乐  Merry Christmas.
也祝你圣诞快乐  Merry Christmas to you, too.
艾达阿姨  Aunt Ida,
我想让你认识一下我的朋友 格林奇  I'd like you to meet my friend, the Grinch.
很高兴见到你 格林奇先生  Oh, it's nice to meet you, Mr. Grinch.
谢谢 很高兴来到这里  Thank you. It's nice to be here.
来吧 我帮你拿  Oh, here, let me take that for you.
谢谢  Oh. Thank you.
辛迪露 帮我清理桌子好吗  Cindy  Lou, could you make a little room for this, please...
不 别担心 我来  No, don't worry. I  I've got it.
真是心思周密  Huh. Isn't that thoughtful?       To see if reindeer
Really know how to fly...
是脾气暴躁 脾气暴躁  Well, is that grouchy, grumpy...    Huh?
那是不是格林奇啊    布里克鲍姆  ...Grinchy I see standing over there? Ha  ha!    Bricklebaum.
很高兴见到你    来吧 格林奇  Good to see you.    Come on, Grinchy,
给我一个拥抱    哦  give me a hug!    Oh!
如果你不抱回来 那就不算 伙计  It don't count if you don't hug back, buddy.
Many times, many ways, Merry Christmas...
好了 大家坐吧 晚餐准备好了  Okay, come take your seats, everyone. Dinner's ready.
来吧 你坐在我旁边  Come on. You're sitting next to me.
To you.
你坐这儿  Here you go.
这是我的第一次圣诞晚餐  This is my first Christmas dinner.
要如何啊    你会明白的  What happens?    You'll see.
格林奇先生 能请你来切吗  Would you... do the honors, Mr. Grinch?
好的  Oh. Uh, okay.
你介意我先说点什么吗  Do you mind if I say something first?
一点也不  Not at all.
好吧 大家  Um, well, everybody,
我只是想说…  I  I just want to say...
我一生都  I've spent my entire life
很讨厌圣诞节及其一切  hating Christmas and everything about it.
但现在我明白了 我讨厌的不是圣诞节  But now I see that it wasn't Christmas I hated.
而是孤独  It was being alone.
但我不再孤单了  But I'm not alone anymore.
我要感谢你们所有人  And I have all of you to thank for it.
尤其是…  But especially...
这个小姑娘  this little girl right here.
太太 你女儿的好意  Ma'am, your daughter's kindness
改变了我的生活  changed my life.
我的乖女儿  That's my girl.
说的真好  that was beautiful.
那是我最好的朋友  That's my best friend.
圣诞快乐 格林奇先生  Merry Christmas, Mr. Grinch.
圣诞快乐 辛迪露  Merry Christmas, Cindy  Lou.
格林奇 举起他的杯子  And the Grinch raised his glass
向各位呼呼镇民敬酒  and led the Whos in a toast.
敬善与爱  To kindness and love,
我们最需要的东西  the things we need most.
I am the Grinch, Cindy  Lou Who?
I live in Who  ville, who are you?
I've got a dog, his name is Max
He coffee my cup, that is a fact
I was in snow, ain't need no coat
Max pull that sled, off with they head
I don't like love, I don't like fun
When I'm around, Christmas is done
Scoop, I am the Grinch          Show me some love...
Hey, how you doing, you scum? It's a pleasure to meet
Ah, I am the Grinch          I'm here to ruin your day
This will end in defeat          Show me some love...
I am the Grinch          I get to riding and riding
And riding around          Ah, I am the Grinch
That's what they call me when they talk about me
Around the town          You're the Grinch
You're the Grinch          That's me
You're so problematic, you're the Grinch
Hello          You're the Grinch
You're the Grinch          I'm guilty
You're so problematic, you're the Grinch
Yeah, yeah          You're the Grinch
You're the Grinch          At your service
You're so problematic, you're the Grinch
Nice to meet you          You're the Grinch
You're the Grinch          Okay
You're so problematic
That's ice on 'em
Ah, that's ice on 'em, ah, that's ice on 'em
Ah, that's ice on 'em
Ah, that's ice on 'em          'Ey, yo
That's...          25, 25, 25, 25
25 days in the month, 25 days ain't enough
Where I don't give a... wait a minute
25 days, got the lock
With the chain at the door, don't knock
No gifts over here, I don't smell nothing in the air
You can take that over there and I don't really care
Tell your homeboy in the red suit to chill
Before I ban him from Who  ville
I ain't playin' with you
Ice on 'em
Ice on 'em
Ice on 'em          Yeah
Ice...
25, 25, 25, 25
25 days in the month, 25 days ain't enough
Where I don't give a... wait a minute
25 days, got the lock
With the chain at the door, don't knock
No gifts over here
I am the Grinch
Hey, how you doing, you scum? It's a pleasure to meet
Show me some love...          Ah, I am the Grinch
I'm here to ruin your day, this will end in defeat
Show me some love...          I am the Grinch
I get to riding and riding and riding around
Show me some love...          I am the Grinch
That's what they call me
When they talk about me around the town
That's me
Hello
Nice to meet you.

