小马国女孩2
这样毫无意义  艾达琪  That was barely  worth the effort, Adagio.
我厌倦了快餐   我想要吃一顿像样的盛宴  I'm tired of fast food.  I need a meal.
在这个世界上的能量是和小马国不一样的  The energy in this world  isn't the same as in Equestria.
我们在这里就只能获得这么点能量的  We can only gain  so much power here.
唉  我真希望我们从未被放逐到这个破地方来  Ugh, I wish we'd never been banished to this awful place.
真的吗？  我倒是挺喜欢这个地方了  Really?  I love it here.
开玩笑吗？ 我觉得没有比这个地方更糟糕的了  For realsies? Because I think  this place is the worst.
我觉得没有你糟糕  索纳塔  I think you're the worst,  Sonata.
是吗？  我觉得你......  Oh, yeah?  Well, I think you're...
我要告诉你们一件事...  I'll tell you one thing...
跟你们俩一起困在这个世界  being stuck here  with you two
让我觉得日子更加难熬了  isn't making this world  any more bearable.
你们感觉到了吗？  Did you feel that?
你们知道那是什么吗？  Do you know what that is?
那是小马国的魔法  It's Equestrian magic.
但是  这个世界不可能有小马国的那种魔法的  But this world doesn't  have Equestrian magic.
现在不就是有了  It does now.
然后我们就可以利用魔法来让这个世界  And we're going to use it  to make everyone
的每个人都臣服于我们了  in this pathetic  little world adore us.
曾经我们彼此争斗  We used to fight  with each other
在彼此未为友的时候  That was before  we discovered
回想真挚的友谊  Back when your  friendship was real
耶   不必隐藏你的感受  Yeah, you just say  what you feel
这音乐  And the music
是这音乐  Yeah, the music
让我们更密切  Gets us to the top
彩虹摇滚  As we learn how the rainbow
无人可挡！  Rainbow rocks
用贝斯高奏一曲  You can pick up the bass
用吉他震惊全场  And you can play the guitar
伴着架子鼓的节奏  You can bang on the drums
尽情放声歌唱  Or you can sing like a star
这音乐  And the music
是这音乐  Yeah, the music
让我们更密切  Gets us to the top
彩虹摇滚  As we learn  how the rainbow
无人可挡！  Rainbow rocks
彩虹摇滚  As we learn  how the rainbow
无人可挡！  Rainbow rocks.
小马国女孩2：彩虹摇滚
需要帮助吗?     呃,不用了,谢谢,我们能搞定  Want some help?     Uh, no, thanks. We're good.
哦   好吧  Oh, okay.
余辉烁烁, 来这里!  Sunset Shimmer,  over here!
真没想到整个学校都在这里  I had no idea  the whole school would be here.
要我自己来说这确实是一个颇为醒目的广告  Quite the eye  catching  advertisement if I do say so myself.
而且它闻起来像蛋糕  And it smells like cake.
真的吗?  It does?
我用糖霜代替了胶水  I used frosting  instead of paste.
呃, 小蝶, 你这里有些...呃...  Uh, Fluttershy, you've got  a little something... uh...
弄掉了吗?     还有一些.  Did I get it?     Not exactly.
下午好   学生们.  Good afternoon,  students.
我想来告诉你们  Ijust wanted  to tell you all
我很高兴有这么多人  how pleased I am  that so many of you
将参加坎特拉高中的  are going to participate  in the first ever
首次音乐展示会  Canterlot High School  musical showcase.
这是一个为我们  This is a wonderful  opportunity
在坎特拉高中所有的课后活动  to raise money for all  our after  school programs
筹集资金的极好机会  here at CHS.
因此   标语和海报的绘制还请大家多多加油  So keep working on  those signs and posters.
我认为这将是自从举办  I think it's going to be
秋礼服舞会以来在坎特拉中学  one of the most exciting  events we've had at CHS
最令人激动的活动了  since the Fall Formal.
我永远忘不了那天的事  I am never gonna  live that down.
秋礼服晚会那时你坏透了  You were pretty bad  at the Fall Formal.
恶魔. 我把自己变成了个恶魔.  A demon. I turned into  a raging she  demon.
并且想把这里所有的人变成僵尸  And tried to turn everyone here  into teenage zombies
作为你的个人军队  for your own  personal army.
哦   亲爱的   你还有我们。  Oh, darling, you have us.
而且我们原谅你之前的…咳咳…过错  And we've forgiven you  for your past... ahem... boo  boos.
实际上,我想说这一切经历  To be honest, I'd say  the whole experience
让坎特拉中学所有人  都比以前更亲近了  brought everyone at Canterlot High  closer than ever before.
一   二   三  One, two, three.
我们曾一度分离  There was a time  we were apart
但时间早已带走烦恼  But that's behind us now
瞧我们崭新的面貌  See how we've made  a brand  new start
光辉未来将来到  And the future's  looking up
阿   噢阿   噢  Oh, oh
当你漫步校园  And when you  walk these halls
处处感受得到  You feel it everywhere
永远的坎特拉奇骏团   即将启航  Yeah, we're  the Wondercolts forever
哦   耶！  Oh, yeah
我们欢聚一堂  We are all together
我们势不可挡！  Now is better than ever
众人皆知   我们卷土重来  You can feel it
为我们的进步而引以为豪吧  We are back and I 'm so glad  that we're better
比以前更棒！  Better than ever
耶   我们比以前更棒！  Oh, yeah,  we're better than ever
一段过去的时光   我们常争吵  There was a time we couldn't see  past the differences
它让你我更疏远   各自孤单又悲伤  That separated you and me  and it left us on our own
但如今漫步校园  But now you walk these halls
众人皆为友  And friends are everywhere
永远的坎特拉奇骏团   即将启航  Yeah, we're  the Wondercolts forever
哦   耶！  Oh, yeah
我们欢聚一堂  We are all together
我们势不可挡！  Now is better than ever
现在我们重整旗鼓  Now that we are back on track
为我们的进步而引以为豪吧  Yes, I 'm so glad that we're better
比以前更棒！  Better than ever
耶   我们比以前更棒  Oh, yeah,  we're better than ever
我们比以前更棒！  Oh, yeah,  we're better than ever
比以前更棒！  Oh, yeah,  we're better than ever.
我还是不敢相信演唱时发生的事  I still can't believe  that happens when we play.
喔, 我应该再挑选一些首饰  Ooh, I've got to look  into some new accessories.
来搭配我长长的马尾辫.  Something that looks good  in a longer ponytail.
喔, 或许夹式耳环也不错  Ooh, maybe some  clip  on earrings
可以来打扮那对可爱的小马耳朵.  for when I get those  adorable pony ears.
我只想知道这是为什么  I just wonder  why it happens.
暮暮公主把她的皇冠带回了小马国  Princess Twilight took  her crown back to Equestria.
难道这不意味着她把所有魔法也带回去了吗?  Shouldn't that mean she took  all the magic back with her?
管它为什么呢?  Who cares why it happens?
反正这让我的乐队变得更棒了  It makes my band  totally awesome.
喔, 你的乐队?  Oh, your band?
当然, 创建彩虹音爆可是我出的主意  Duh, it was my idea  to start the Rainbooms
这样我们才有机会上台表演  so we could be  in the showcase.
再说了, 我还是主唱和吉他手呢  Plus, I'm the lead singer  and guitarist.
我在外面听到了  Heard you outside.
你们唱起来真是棒极了  You guys are sounding  really tight.
呃, 我们正在努力  Uh, we're getting there.
瑞瑞第二节接的有点慢  Rarity's still coming in a little late  on the second verse
而且嘉儿的贝斯独奏还得再练练  and Applejack's bass solo  could use a little work.
不过她们在演出前都能搞定的  They'll get it together  in time for the showcase.
呃, 我想  Uh, I don't suppose
我们从镇子外面来的朋友大概不会来了   对吗?  any of our friends  from out of town might come?
这毕竟是挺重要的义演  It being a special  charity event and all.
抱歉, 闪耀, 我认为暮暮最近  Sorry, Flash, I don't think  Twilight's gonna be back
不会回到坎特拉高中来  at Canterlot  High any time soon.
哦, 也对啊. 好吧.  Oh, yeah. Okay.
只是,你看, 问问罢了  Just, you know,  thought I'd ask.
呃, 加油练习吧  Uh, keep on rocking it.
啊哈, 某人还真被迷住了啊  Well, someone is quite  the smitten kitten.
喔, 抱歉.  Ooh, sorry.
我老忘记你和闪耀之前是一对  I always forget you and Flash  used to be an item.
没关系  It's okay.
闪耀是个好人,  Flash is a great guy and all,
但我从来没有真正喜欢过他  but I never really  liked him liked him.
我只是利用他来获得更多关注  I was just using him  to become more popular.
以前的我真的糟透了, 不是吗?  The old me  really was just awful, wasn't she?
嗯  Yup.
但是最重要的是  你已经改过自新了  But the important thing  is that you've turned yourself around.
多谢了, 嘉儿  Thanks, Applejack.
不过我不确定坎特拉高中  里的其他人也这么认为  But I'm not sure everyone else  at CHS feels the same way.
余辉烁烁,请到前厅报道  Sunset Shimmer,  please report to the main foyer.
我得走了.我自愿领新同学参观学校.  Gotta run. I volunteered to show some  new students around the school.
我认为这将有助于她们了解新的我  Thought it would be good  for them to get to know the new me
当然在她们听到任何  关于以前的我的劣迹之前  before they heard  all the stuff about the old me.
看来在午饭前我们还有一些时间,  We've still got a few minutes  before lunch starts,
你说我们做什么  练习"帅如我愿"怎样?  what do you say we do  "Awesome as I Wanna Be"?
呃, 云宝黛西,  Um, Rainbow Dash,
我在想   我们是不是可以唱我写的歌  I was wondering if we maybe  could play the song I wrote.
回头再说吧  We'll get to it.
哦, 好吧.  Oh, okay.
嗨. 要我带着参观校园的就是你们吧?  Hi. Are you the girls  I'm supposed to show around?
正是  We are.
坎特拉高中是个很好的学校  Canterlot High  is a great school.
你会喜欢它的  You're really  gonna love it.
哦, 没错  Oh, yes.
我们确实感觉这个地方有些魔幻之处  We really sense there's something  magical about this place.
这是科学实验室  That's the science lab.
计算机教室在那里  Computer lab  is in there.
喔, 这个周末我们有  一个大的音乐展示会  Ooh, we're having a big  musical showcase this weekend.
整个学校都在准备着呢  The whole school is  pretty much rallying around it.
音乐展示会?  A musical showcase?
由于你们是新人   我相信如果你们感兴趣的话  I'm sure since you're new,  Principal Celestia
塞拉斯蒂亚校长会让你们报名的  will let you sign up  if you're interested.
偶尔唱唱歌就已经让我们很出名了  We have been known to sing  from time to time.
你逗我呢?我们几乎一直在唱歌  Hello?  We sing, like, all the time.
靠这个我们才支配人们做我们想做的事情  It's how we get people  to do what we want.
我说啥了吗?  What did I say?
你是想说  What you meant to say
参加音乐展示会  was that being in  a musical showcase
听起来是结交新同学的好办法  sounds like a great way  to meet other students.
哦, 没错  Oh, yeah.
她刚才说的就是我想说的  What she said,  I meant to say.
这就是我想... 说的  That's what I meant...  to say.
你想说什么来着? 如果你不是最糟糕的  And what you would have said  if you weren't the worst.
你才是  You are.
谅解一下她们   她们是白痴  You have to excuse them.  They're idiots.
好漂亮的首饰  Those are pretty.
你们从哪...  Where did you...
抱歉. 这些吊坠对我们意义很大  Sorry. These pendants  mean an awful lot to us.
我们只是不希望它们发生任何意外  We'd just hate for anything  to happen to them.
这趟感觉怎样?     我不知道  So how was the tour?     I don't know.
我是说, 这些女孩,她们...  I mean, these girls,  they were...
她们有些怪异  there was something off  about them.
像这样怪异吗?  Like off like this?
或者像这样?  Or off like this?
或者... 喔, 就像...  Or... ooh, Like...
或许我们应该让她来告诉我们?  Maybe we should  just let her tell us?
她们就是那样   我也不知道该怎么解释  That's just it.  I can't put my finger on it.
只是她们的行为很奇怪  They just acted sort of  strange around me.
也许某些人已经告诉过她们了  Maybe someone already  talked to them.
告诉过她们我所做过的事  Told them about what I did.
看来留下一个好的第一印象真的很难  So much for making  a good first impression.
嗯哼  huh.
喔,你已经留下好印象了  Ooh, that's  probably not it.
就是现在   女孩们  This is it, girls.
我们一直等待的时刻  The moment we've  been waiting for.
吃午饭?  Lunch?
让我们在小马国的魔法回归的机会  The chance to get our  true Equestrian magic back.
哦, 没错.  Oh, right.
我们的歌喉刚好足够强大  Our voices are  just strong enough
来让她们如此的渴望竞争,  to make them want  something so badly,
她们将会为此而战斗  they'll fight to get it.
所以我们只需要做我们一直所做的事?  So we're just gonna do  what we always do?
惹出一些麻烦   然后收集负能量？  Stir up some trouble  and then feed off the negative energy?
来点新花样   艾达琪.  Some plan,   Adagio.
这不会和之前一样的  It won't be the same  as the times before.
这里有小马国的魔法  There is Equestrian  magic here.
她们的负能量会给予我们所需要的力量  Their negative energy  will give us the power we need
使这整个世界   供我驱策  to get this entire world  to do our bidding.
但是之后我们还是可以吃上午饭的, 对吧?  But we can get lunch after,  though, right?
今天是周二   墨西哥卷饼哎！  It's Taco Tuesday.
跟好我的指挥     或者我指挥  Just follow my lead.     Or my lead.
我指挥  My lead.
我们听说你们聚在一起  We heard you want  to get together
筹划着学校的摇滚  We heard you want  to rock this school
何不听听我们的想法？  We've got something  that is better
它能打破所有的约束  Something that changes  all the rules
当我们中谁更耀眼  Why pretend  we're all the same?
为何不敢于去挑战？  When some of us  shine brighter
是时候燃起心中怒火  Here's a chance  to find your flame
你有种就去战胜懦弱！  Are you a loser or a fighter?
你和我   我和你  Me and you,  you and me
为何不找出谁更出色？  Why don't we see  who is better?
天生我才,不尽相同  We don't have to be  one and the same thing
又为何不去争夺那属于你的荣耀？  Oh, what's so wrong  with a little competition?
是畏惧失败   还是你没胆？  Are you afraid of failing  the audition?
是金子终究会发光  You're a star  and you should know it
旭日东升不会磨灭  Now you rise above the rest
若证明自己更优秀  It doesn't matter who you hurt
何必在意别人的感受？  If you're just proving  you're the best
争斗！尽管去争斗！  Battle,  you want to win it
我们来场争斗！  Let's have a battle
乐队之争！  Battle of the bands
来一场争斗！  Let's have a battle
我们都插手！  We'll go all in it
我们来场争斗！  Let's have a battle
争斗   争斗！  Battle, battle
乐队之争...  Battle of the bands...
我比你强！  I can beat you.
斗争...  哈! 你想得美  Battle...     Ha! You wish.
斗争...  我想成为冠军！  Battle...     I so want this.
斗争...  我先得你就什么都不是了！  Battle...     Not ifl get it first.
你和我   我和你  Me and you,  you and me
为何不找出谁更出色？  Why don't we see  who is better?
天生我才,不尽相同  We don't have to be  one and the same thing
又为何不去争夺那属于你的荣耀？  Oh, what's so wrong  with a little competition?
我们就出发   去争得应有的那一份  I'm going out there,  winning the audition
争斗！  Battle
去争夺冠军！  We want to win it
我们来场争斗！  Let's have a battle
乐队之争！  Battle of the bands
来一场争斗！  Let's have a battle
我们都插手  We'll go all in it
我们来场争斗！  Let's have a battle
争斗, 争斗！  Battle, battle
乐队之争！  Battle of the bands.
喔, 原来她们是这样怪异的呀  Oh, they're  that kind of off.
她们三个绝对拥有  Those three are definitely  in possession
某种黑魔法  of some kind  of dark magic.
不然你怎么解释发生的那些事  How else could you explain  what happened back there?
别担心.我们会让塞拉斯蒂亚校长  知道这件事的  Don't worry, y'all. We let Principal  Celestia know all about this
然后这些女孩就会马上被逐出这里  and those girls will be kicked  to the curb in no time.
我们可不想让她们像上次一样  Last thing she needs  is another CHS event
让某个疯子破坏我们的活动  almost ruined by some  power  crazed lunatic.
呃, 无意冒犯.  Uh, no offense.
没关系  None taken.
黑魔法?  Dark magic?
我觉得很难相信  I find that  very hard to believe.
那些女孩早些时候  来过我的办公室  Those girls came into  my office earlier
而且很会讨人开心  and were  absolutely delightful.
也许余辉烁烁只是想让  Perhaps Sunset Shimmer is just eager
其他人来充当坏角色  to make someone  else out to be a bad element
于是她在秋礼服舞会上的行径  就可以成为过去了  so that her actions at the Fall Formal  will become old news.
我能理解你为什么会这么想, 但是...  I could see why  you might think that, but...
这不是你所想象的那样  That's not what's happening.
我们也在食堂看到了整个过程  We saw all of this go down  in the cafeteria, too.
是的, 但是你的乐队  Yes, but isn't your band
难道不参加表演吗?  supposed to be part of  the musical showcase?
参加  Yes.
也许你们都只是担心  Perhaps you're all  just worried
耀眼乐队会抢你们的风头  that the Dazzlings  will steal your spotlight.
耀眼乐队?  The Dazzlings?
没错   她们乐队的名字叫耀眼  It's the name  of their musical group.
这就是她们不久前来我办公室的原因  That's why they came by  my office earlier.
来报名参加展示会  To sign up for the showcase.
她们甚至为我和副校长露娜唱了一首歌  Even sang a little song  to Vice Principal Luna and I.
她们唱歌了?     是的  They did?     Yes.
所以我们认为举办乐队之争  And we think having  a battle of the bands
来取代展示会是一个绝妙的主意  instead is  a marvelous idea.
我简直不能相信她们已经控制塞拉斯蒂亚校长  I can't believe they got  to Principal Celestia
和露娜副校长了  and Vice Principal Luna, too.
她们已经控制所有人了  They've gotten  to everybody.
不是所有人     萍琪说的没错  Not everybody.     Pinkie Pie's right.
耀眼乐队唱歌的时候我们也在场  We were there when  the Dazzlings were singing
并且我们没有受到影响  and we weren't affected.
好像我们以某种方式被保护起来了  It was like we were  protected somehow.
所以让我们打败她们吧  So let's take them down.
我们以前又不是没对付过黑魔法  It's not like we haven't tangled  with dark magic before
最后还不是把她打得屁滚尿流  and totally whupped  its sorry butt.
呃, 无意冒犯  Uh, no offense.
没关系  None taken.
又是一次  Again.
但是那只是暮暮在的时候  But that was when  Twilight was here.
也许在我们之间有某种魔法,  There may be some kind  of magic inside us,
但是这只在我们演奏的时候才会显露出来  but it only comes out  when we play music.
我不知道怎么用它来  I sure don't know  how to use it
战胜某些人  to "whup anybody's butt."
真希望我们能联系上暮暮  If only we could get  a message to Twilight.
也许她可以告诉我们如何打破  Maybe she could tell us  how to break the spell
耀眼乐队对我们朋友下的魔咒  the Dazzlings have cast  on our friends.
这是不可能的  Well, that's not gonna happen.
通道一直是关着的  The portal's closed.
而且我觉得  And I get the feeling
她那里没有手机这种东西  they don't exactly have  cell phones where she's from.
我可能有办法  I may have an idea
联系上暮光闪闪公主  how we can get in touch  with Princess Twilight.
当我在小马国还是塞拉斯蒂亚公主的学生的时候  When I was Princess Celestia's  student back in Equestria,
她给了我这个  she gave me this.
即使我后来放弃了我的学业   我依然留着它  Even after I abandoned my studies,  I held on to it.
在内心深处   我知道我犯了一个大错误  Deep down, I guess I knew  I was making a big mistake
但是我仍然想找到一个方式来联系她  and I still wanted a way  to reach out to her.
也许它还能用  Maybe it still works.
亲爱的   那只是一本书  That's a book, darling.
你说希望它还能用是什么意思?  What do you mean  maybe still works?
以前它的确是这样的   只要我在这里写上东西,  It used to be that  if I wrote something here,
它就会出现在塞拉斯蒂亚公主图书馆的那本书上  it would appear in the pages of a book  back in Princess Celestia's library.
我把消息告诉她,  I get a message to her,
然后她就可以把消息告诉闪闪公主了  then she can get a message  to Princess Twilight.
那你还在等什么呢  赶紧写吧  So what are you waiting for?  Get to writing.
我已经很久没写过这些话了  Been a longtime since  I've written these words.
"亲爱的塞拉斯蒂亚公主"  "Dear Princess Celestia."
打扰一下, 公主,  Excuse me, Princess,
您想把这些来自塞拉斯蒂亚公主的书放在哪里?  where do you want all these  books from Princess Celestia?
图书馆   左边的第三个门  The library.  Third door on the left.
包括这本既发光又震动的书？  Even this one that's glowing  and vibrating?
那是什么, 暮暮?  What is it, Twilight?
看起来像是给塞拉斯蒂亚公主的消息  It looks like a message  to Princess Celestia
来自我在坎特拉中学的朋友  from my friends  at Canterlot High.
这怎么可能呢?  How is that even possible?
我不知道,但是  I have no idea,
听起来她们需要我的帮助  but it sounds like  they need my help.
根据余辉烁烁对她们的描述来看,  The way Sunset Shimmer  described them,
我认为这些新来的女孩非常像是  I think these new girls  sound an awful lot like
塞壬女妖  the Sirens.
别是塞壬啊!  Not the Sirens!
其实我不知道那是什么  I don't actually know  what that is.
塞壬女妖是三个美丽但危险的生物  The Sirens were three beautiful  but dangerous creatures
她们有着用歌声诱惑小马的力量  who had the power to charm  ponies with their music.
但是为了维持这种力量  But to maintain this power,
她们必须收集负能量  they had to feed on the negativity  and distrust of others.
她们收集的负能量越多  The more of this  negative energy they consumed,
她们的声音就会越强大  the stronger  their voices became
并且将她们的黑魔法传播得更远  and the farther they could  spread their dark magic.
我觉得我不是很喜欢这个故事  I don't think I like  this story very much.
如果塞壬们得逞了  If the Sirens had their way,
她们就会征服并分割整个小马国  they would have divided  and conquered all of Equestria.
但是白胡子星璇没有让她们得逞  But a certain Star Swirl the Bearded  wasn't having it.
传言他找到了一种把她们放逐到另外一个世界的办法  Rumor has it he found a way  to banish them to another world.
一个他认为她们的魔法将不复存在的世界  One where he believed  their magic power would be lost.
看来这个世界一定是我的坎特拉朋友们所在的世界  That world must have been the one  where my Canterlot High friends live.
但白胡子星璇一定很久以前就把她们流放过去了  But Star Swirl must have  sent them there ages ago.
为什么她们到现在才露面?  How come they're  just surfacing now?
我不知道,但是如果我的预感是正确的  I don't know,  but if my hunch is right
来到坎特拉高中的塞壬  and it is the Sirens  who have come to Canterlot High,
她们下的魔咒仅仅是一个开始  this spell they've cast  is just the beginning.
朋友们需要我   我必须回去找她们  My friends need me.  I have to get back to them.
我不想打破你的幻想泡泡,暮暮,  I hate to burst your bubble,  Twilight,
但是她们的世界与小马国之间的联系  but the connection between  their world and Equestria
仍将在很长的一段时间里处于完全切断的状态  will still be totally cut off  for a super long time.
好吧, 首先, 如果这里有泡泡破掉了的话,  Okay, first of all, if there was bubble  blowing going on,
为什么不来告诉我?  why wasn't I told about it?
第二, 如果它们之间的联系完全被切断了,  And secondly, if the connection  is totally cut off,
余辉烁烁又如何让暮暮知道这个消息的呢?  how was Sunset Shimmer  able to get a message to Twilight?
萍琪, 你真是天才  Pinkie, you're a genius.
是啊, 别人也这么说  Yeah, I get that a lot.
现在再来算"泡泡"的帐  Now about those bubbles.
然后这两个点之间的时间间隔被定义为  and the interval between  the two points is defined
沿三维空间的点之间的距离的  as the square root of the sum  of the squares of the separation
平方之和的平方根  between the points along  three spatial dimensions.
你说什么?     讨厌  Say what now?     Duh.
她要把魔法释放到这里   然后放置在这里  She's gonna take the magic  in here and put it in there.
这样她就可以让传送门随时开启了,  That'll make the portal open up  so that whenever she wants to,
她可以从这里到那里  she can go  from here to there.
那儿到这儿. 这儿到那儿.  There to here.  Here  there.
那儿到这儿. 这儿到那儿. 这儿...     我们明白了  There to here. Here to there. There...     We get the idea.
现在来看看它是否真的奏效  Now to see  if it actually works.
不想让我们这次也和你一起去吗  Don't suppose we could  join you this time around?
最好不要  Better not.
如果坎特拉高中突然出现两个你们  It could make things  pretty confusing if Canterlot High
情况会变得相当混乱的  all of a sudden had  two of all of you.
不过我还是可以去的, 对吧?  But I still get to go, right?
坎特拉高中里没有另一个我  There isn't another one of me  at Canterlot High.
而且你永远不知道什么时候  可能需要你可信赖的助手  And you never know when you might  need your trusty assistant.
嗯哼.     太棒了!  Mm  hmm.     Yes!
我们不会离开很久的  We won't be gone long.
而且不要忘了打扮好  And don't forget  to dress well.
准备好了吗, 斯派克?  Ready, Spike?
准备好了  Ready.
我想她不会来了  I'm starting to think  she's not coming.
暮暮!  Twilight!
喔. 我回来了  Ooh. I'm back.
哦, 暮暮  Oh, Twilight.
我带来一些关于这些新女孩的坏消息  I've got some bad news  about those new girls.
哦, 真不幸你在危急时刻才回来  Oh, I do hate that you had  to return at a time of crisis.
我们还有好多旧要叙啊  We have so much  catching up to do.
首先呢, 某个蓝头发的吉他手问到了你  For starters, a certain blue  haired  guitar player was just asking about you.
闪耀问到我了?  Flash Sentry  was asking about me?
咳咳.这难道不好吗?  Ahem.  Isn't that nice?
也许你可以告诉我们一些你的世界的消息  Perhaps you could give us just the  slightest bit of gossip from your world?
她现在有一个正式的头衔了  She's got  an official title now.
友谊的公主  The Princess of Friendship.
喔, 这真令人印象深刻  Wow, that's  really impressive.
看来你真是塞拉斯蒂亚公主的得意门生  Guess you really were  Princess Celestia's prize pupil.
她甚至有她自己的城堡  She's even got  her own castle.
一座城堡?!  A castle?!
你有你自己的城堡?!  You have your own castle?!
喔, 那真不错  Oh, lovely.
这儿有什么新鲜事吗?  What's new here?
我是说, 除了你们学校被  I mean, besides your school  becoming the target
来自小马国危险的魔法生物盯上了之外  of dangerous magical creatures  from Equestria.
是啊, 这不是自从你离开以来  Yeah,  so that isn't exactly
唯一发生的怪事  the only strange thing  that's happened since you left.
很棒吧, 是不是?  Pretty sweet, huh?
我们演奏的时候都会这样  It happens to all of us  when we play.
嗯.我的皇冠已经回到小马国了,  Hmm. My crown  was returned to Equestria,
但是它的一部分魔法一定留在了坎特拉高中  but some of its magic must have  remained here at Canterlot High.
现在我们都在一起了,  Now that we're  all back together,
我们可以用魔法打败塞壬  we can use that magic  on the Sirens.
就像我们用魔法打败变成那可怕的  Just like when we were able to use it  on Sunset Shimmer
有翅膀的怪物余辉烁烁一样  when she turned into  that horrifyingly awful winged monster.
无意冒犯  No offense.
没关系  None taken.
我已经习惯了  I'm used to it.
她们将永远不知道被什么所打倒  They'll never even know  what hit them.
现在暮暮回来了   我们不需要再担心什么了  We've got nothing to worry about  now that Twilight's back.
哦, 我很确定我能找出一些担心的事  Oh, I'm pretty sure I could  find something to worry about.
但是不是关于塞壬  But it won't be the Sirens.
我们越早打败她们越好  The sooner we do this,  the better.
知道耀眼乐队可能在哪儿么?  Any idea where  the Dazzlings might be?
今天晚上所有所有报名参加展示会的乐队  There's a big party tonight  for all the bands
将会参加一个大的聚会  who signed up  to be in the showcase.
包括耀眼乐队  That would include  the Dazzlings.
看来我们要去破坏一个派对了  Looks like we've got  a party to crash.
我得去再拿一些果酒  I'm gonna get more punch.
暮暮?  Twilight?
哦, 又撞上...  Oh, bumped into...
像以前一样...  always doing...
你来这里干什么?  What are you doing here?
你为了比赛而回来的, 对吧?  You came back for  the big competition, right?
差不多吧  Something like that.
不会有任何真正的"竞争"的  Not that there's going to be  any real competition.
没有哪个乐队比我们更想要赢  No one here wants this  as bad as my band does.
你能给我就一分钟的时间吗?  Can you excuse me  forjust a minute?
噢, 不. 这些人一点也不融洽  Oh, no. No one's mingling.
就像是有某种潜在的矛盾  It's like there's some kind  of underlying tension
随时都有可能浮出表面而爆发  that could bubble  to the surface at any minute.
那是果酒, 不是吗?  It's the fruit punch,  isn't it?
我知道我兑了太多的葡萄汁  I knew I used  too much grape juice.
我说的不是果酒,是我们  It's not the fruit punch,  it's us.
但是果酒也很糟糕  But the punch is awful, too.
你知道多少关于好的果酒?  What do you know  about good fruit punch?
比你多  More than you.
才没有     就是有  Do not.     Do, too.
这只是一个开始,女孩们  This is just  the kickoff party, girls.
想象一下   乐队之争开始的时候  Imagine what a tizzy  they'll be in
她们会是怎样的惊慌失措  by the time the battle of  the bands starts.
不会有乐队之争的  There isn't going to be  a battle of the bands.
我们不会让它发生的  We're gonna make sure  of that.
好了, 姑娘们, 让我们开始吧  All right, girls,  let's do this.
友谊是魔法  Friendship is magic.
呃,上次不是有彩虹和光束之类的东西吗?  Uh, weren't there rainbows  and lasers and stuff last time?
我不明白  I don't understand.
我们又重新在一起了啊  We're all together again.
这次为什么失败了?  Why isn't this working?
你们, 呃, 不是应该上前然后  You, uh, really  need to go ahead
释放友谊的魔法什么的吗  and do that whole  "magic of friendship" thing now.
我正在做啊, 斯派克  I'm trying, Spike.
我本以为我们六个站在一起面对塞壬  I thought the six of us standing  together against the Sirens
就会放出能够打败她们的魔法啊  would bring out the magic  we needed to defeat them.
以前就是这样的啊  That's what happened before.
向我们发起挑战了啊  Talk about throwing down  the gauntlet.
看来这组很有信心能赢啊  This group is obviously  serious about winning.
不过   有点自大   不是吗?  A little cocky,  though, aren't they?
声称不会有真正的乐队之争  Claiming there won't  really be a battle.
看起来她们対比赛早已胸有成竹了  Seems they think they've already got  this thing all locked up.
要是神通广大的崔克茜会赢得比赛呢  Not if the great and powerful  Trixie has anything to do with it.
胡说八道, 崔克茜  Whatever, Trixie.
我们才是在坎特拉高中最好的乐队  We're the best band at CHS.
胡说. 十字军才是真正的冠军  No. The Crusaders  are gonna win.
我认为我们也许找到了我们一直在寻找的  I think we may have found  what we're looking for.
或者说    是自己送上门来了  Or rather,   it found us.
是魔法啊.  你们都没看见吗?  Magic.    Don't you see?
其他人都拜倒在我的魔咒之下了  Everyone else has fallen  under our spell.
除了那些女孩  But not these girls.
那几个女孩很特殊  These girls are special.
这完全说不通啊  It doesn't make any sense.
我本应该可以发动  I should have been able  to create the spark
能打败她们的魔法的  that would help us  break their spell.
上次就是这样发动的啊  That's how it worked before.
但是你用来打败我的魔法来自于我所戴的皇冠  But to defeat me, you drew magic  from the crown I was wearing.
塞壬的魔法来自她们的歌声...  The Sirens magic  comes from their music...
所以也许你得用同种魔法来打败她们  so maybe you have to use  the same kind of magic to defeat them.
也许不是  Or maybe not.
不, 我想你说到点子上了     真的吗?  No, I think you're onto something.     Really?
正是在你演奏音乐的时候  才发生了一些变化, 对吧?  It's when you play music  that you transform now, right?
没错. 耳朵, 马尾辫,  全身都有变化  Yup. Ears, tails,  the whole shebang.
所以用来打败塞壬的魔法  So maybe the way to use that magic  to defeat the Sirens
也许正是通过我们演奏  而发出来的反制魔法  is by playing a musical  counterspell.
你是说比如歌曲?  You mean like a song?
而且为了给受到塞壬影响的人解咒  And in order to free everyone  who's been exposed to the Sirens spell,
我们必须让所有人都听到  we'll need them all  to hear it.
乐队之争  The band competition.
这是我们唯一能确定下一次  That's the next time  we can be certain
所有人同时在同一地方聚集的时候  everyone will be in the same place  at the same time.
我想彩虹音爆确实有实力能赢  Guess the Rainbooms are  the band to beat.
并且我相信, 你, 暮光闪闪,  And I believe,  you, Twilight,
可以成为彩虹音爆的最新成员  just became the Rainbooms newest member.
那你想演奏什么?  So what do you  want to play?
三角铃? 大号?  Triangle?  Sousaphone?
特雷门琴?  Theremin?
真是魔幻啊  So magical.
我觉得可能用这双“手”  I might take  a little too long
来学习演奏乐器会花费很长时间  to learn how to play  something with these.
我就唱歌好了  I'll just sing.
比如当主唱?  Like as in lead singer?
因为这通常是我的工作  Because that's  usually my gig.
何况这还是我的乐队  This being  my band and all.
是我们的乐队  It's our band.
所以她当然可以做主唱  And of course  as lead singer.
她有魔法能力来让我们解决这件事  She's the one with the magical knowhow  to help us pull this thing off.
是啊, 好吧, 是很棒  Okay, yeah, that's cool.
那我这次就来磨练一下  I'll just use this  as a chance
我已然纯熟的吉他手法吧  to hone my already insanely  good lead guitar skills.
这只是暂时的  It's only temporary.
而且我们不用赢得乐队之争的冠军  And we don't have to win  the battle of the bands.
我们只需要在第一次比赛的时候发动魔法就好了  We just have to perform during  the first round of the competition.
那就让我们赶紧开始研究音乐的反制魔法吧  So let's get to learning  that musical counterspell.
呃, 这就是问题的所在  我对这个也一无所知  Well, that's just it.  I don't know any.
但是我敢肯定我能写出来一个  But I'm sure I could  figure out how to write one.
总之.暮暮研究魔法可是相当了得的  Totally. Twilight can write a spell  like it's nobody's business.
这也是她为什么在小马国成为了公主  That's pretty much how she got to become  a princess in Equestria.
老实说,我只是帮忙完成了一段魔法  Technically,  I helped finish a spell.
但是事情还远不如此, 斯派克  And there was a little more  to it than that, Spike.
是啊  随意吧  Yeah, whatever.
我们会成功的  I've got this.
来吧  Come on.
你要去哪?  Where are you going?
上次我们来的时候,  Well,  last time we were here,
斯派克和我在图书馆里过的夜  Spike and I spent the night  in the library.
你疯了吗?  Are you crazy?
我们现在是好朋友啊  We're besties now.
来我家开派对过夜  Slumber party at my house.
更新中...好吧好吧好吧  Status update...  okey dokey, Loki.
嘿. 我马上就要赢你了  Hey.  I was about to beat you.
你没有啊  I doubt it.
那么, 暮暮,反制魔法研究的怎样了?  So, Twilight, how's that  counterspell coming?
啊? 喔, 呃, 还行. 很好.  Huh? Oh, uh, good. Great.
谢谢你让我用你的笔记本   小蝶  Thanks for letting me  use your notebook, Fluttershy.
我真的很喜欢你给彩虹音爆写的歌曲  I really like the song  you wrote for the Rainbooms.
谢谢夸奖  Thanks.
真希望有一天我们能演奏它  Hopefully one day,  we'll get a chance to play it.
暮暮, 我觉得大家也是这么想的  Twilight, I think I speak  for all of us when I say
如果你不回来帮助我们   我们都不知道该做些什么  I don't know what we would've done  if you hadn't come back to help us.
比萨饼到啦  Pizza's here.
你不想来尝尝比萨吗?  Don't you want any pizza?
不行   一点灵感都没有  No, that's not gonna work.
嗨, 暮暮. 你还没睡吗  Hey, Twilight.  You're up late.
只是在研究反制魔法  Just looking over  the counterspell.
我们得一次成功.这必须要完美  We only get one shot at this.  It has to be perfect.
我们很幸运有你在这里  We really are lucky  you're here.
每个人都这么说  That's what everyone  keeps telling me.
有谁会需要这么多奶油?  Who could possibly need  this much whipped cream?
每个人遇到问题的时候  It must be nice  to have everyone
都会来你这里寻求帮助   而不是等着看你制造麻烦  always looking to you  for answers to their problems
这种感觉一定很好...  instead of waiting for you  to cause a problem.
仅仅是因为大家都把希望寄托在你身上  Just because everyone  expects something from you
并不意味着你就一定会成功  doesn't mean it's guaranteed  to happen.
但是她们还是会把希望寄托在你身上  But that doesn't stop them  from expecting it.
这只会让事情变得更难  Which only make things harder
因为你最不想看到的就是...  because the last thing  you want to do is...
让大家失望  Let everybody down.
博尔德饿了  Boulder was hungry.
我还是不敢相信就凭她的性格  I still can't get over the fact that
竟然与萍琪有血缘关系  she's related to Pinkie Pie.
我也这么想  You and me both.
我想我该去睡觉了  I better get some sleep.
祝你在反制魔法上取得进展  Good luck with  the counterspell.
不知道你需不需要鼓励  Not that you'll need it.
这可与你在小马国当公主  This must be nothing  compared to the stuff
所处理的事情比起来算不上什么  you're expected to deal with  as a princess in Equestria.
余晖烁烁...  Sunset Shimmer...
算了   不是什么重要事  Never mind.  It's not important.
不   我必须要做到  No, I have to be able  to do this.
必须  I have to.
嘿, 嘿, 听着  Hey, hey, listen
我们告诉你个事  We've got a message  for you
我们不尽相同  We're not all alike
但友谊真诚  But our friendship is true
耶, 我们很不同  Yeah, we're really different
但也处得来  But we still get along
所以, 嘿, 嘿  So, hey, hey
听我们唱  Listen to our song
你以为你自己控制一切  You may think you're in control
但我们将证明你错了  But we're here  to prove you wrong
有友谊的音乐  With the friendship  of our music
有歌曲的力量  With the power of our song
我们跺着脚,我们拍着手  Gonna stomp our feet,  clap our hands
有神奇的友谊为伴  With our magical friendship
摧毁你邪恶计划不长远...  Gonna stop your evil plan.
额...这次比之前试过的5次...  Eh, that sounded  way better
都强多了  than the last five times  you played it.
并没有  Nope.
我觉得很显然  I think it's pretty obvious
是你的曲子有些问题  what's going wrong  with this counterspell.
你难道要把一个合唱变成一个“五分钟吉他独奏”吗?  You're turning what should be the chorus  into a five  minute guitar solo?
不管怎么说我才是主力啊  I have to pick up  the slack somehow.
你们这些家伙究竟努力表演了没?  Are you guys even trying?
我正在努力  I'm trying
没事没事...一切都好  It's fine.  I'll be fine.
我们再重新来一遍  One more time from the top.
或许   我们该稍作休息了...  Or perhaps we could take  a short break...
来试穿一下我衣柜里的时装吧  try on some of the wardrobe choices  I put together.
我特别喜欢这一件  I'm particularly fond  of this one.
当然我们也可以换一件更现代的  Of course we could always go  with something a bit more modern.
我们来这里是为了拯救学校  We're trying to  save our school here.
不要再提衣服什么的了  Enough with the costumes.
哈~服装永远是不嫌多的  You can never have  enough costumes.
她只是想把事情变得更好玩一些  She just wants  to make things fun.
难道这不是应该在乐队里做的事吗?  Isn't that what being  in a band is supposed to be?
我们已经没时间再考虑这些额外的事情了  You don't have time  for any of this.
你们15分钟后就该参加乐队比赛了  You're supposed to check in at the  battle of the bands in 15 minutes.
噢   不!  Oh, no!
但...我们还没准备好啊  But... but it's not ready.
如果在第一轮比赛的时候反制魔法没起作用的话,  If we play the counterspell  in the first round and it doesn't work,
塞壬们就会知道我们参赛的原因  the Sirens will know  what we're up to
然后我们就没有机会再次演出了  and make sure we don't  get a chance to play it again.
那我们就多给自己挤出点时间  Then we'll have to  buy ourselves some time
这样你就可以专心研究你的反制魔法了  so you can keep  working on it.
那你打算怎么做?  And how do you propose  we do that?
我们就真的去赢得乐队之争的冠军  We compete in the battle  of the bands for real.
并且由我来担任主唱  然后我们只需要挺进决赛  I take over lead vocals again  and we stay alive until the finals.
就可以发动反制魔法了  We unleash  the counterspell then.
你会在决赛之前写好魔法的, 对吧?  You'll have figured it out  by the finals, right?
她当然能的  Of course she will.
暮光闪闪从来没遇到过她解决不了的问题  Twilight Sparkle's never met  a problem she couldn't solve.
对吧   暮暮?     对  Right, Twilight?   Right.
那咱们现在就去赢得乐队之争的冠军吧  Then let's go win us  a battle of the bands.
欢迎大家来到坎特拉高中  Welcome to the first ever
第一届乐队之争的现场  Canterlot High School  battle of the bands.
我相信   大家都有同感  I believe I speak  for everyone when I say
这一次我们举行的活动  it is by far  the greatest thing
是我们学校有史以来举办过的最隆重的活动  we have ever done  here at this school.
我们很高兴这三位新生  We are so glad  our three newest students
鼓励我们将这场比赛  encouraged us  to turn this event
变成一个激动人心的时刻  into something exciting.
但是鉴于这是一场比赛  But as this is now  a competition,
我们只能选出一个冠军  we can only choose  one winner.
那将会是哪只乐队呢？  Who is it going to be?
姑娘们   你们感觉到了吗?  You feel that, girls?
我们真正的力量正在恢复  Our true power  is being restored.
当然在吸收这里最强大的  And that's before
魔法之后我们才能恢复  we've tapped into  the strongest magic here.
但是“彩虹花开”什么什么的   管它叫啥...  But the Rainblossoms...  or whatever they're called...
她们并不受我们的魔法影响啊  aren't under our spell.
我们该怎样得到她们的魔法呢?  How exactly are we supposed  to get to their magic?
这个所谓的彩虹音爆和那些其他  The Rainbooms  are just as capable
落选者没什么两样的  of falling apart  as anyone else.
她们只需要一被推上一点小小的"错误引导"  They just need a little push  in the wrong direction.
我相信这里的每一个人  I have a feeling  everyone here
都会站在一条战线上   "推"她们一把  is going to be lining up  to give them a shove.
哦   耶。剪剪和蜗蜗。时间到, 唷。  Oh, yeah. Snips and Snails  in the house, yo.
人们叫我M.C.斯内普。这是实话噢   唷。  They call me M. C. Ships  and it ain't no lie
南瓜饼  是我最爱  My favorite food  is like pumpkin pie
D.J.说唱蜗蜗就是我,  鲸鱼也挺好  I 'm D.J. Snazzy Snails,  I like whales
去海滩旅游,  水桶不能少  When I go to the beach,  I always bring my pail
橘黄色是我最爱  大家都知道  Everybody knows  my favorite color is orange
合辙押韵我喜爱,  它...它比...  My rhymes are so fly,  they're better than, um...
...比橘黄色还好   唷！  Than an orange, yo
耶,    耶     经典  Yeah, Yeah   represent
我们... 我们接下来干什么?  What do we...  what do we do now?
走下舞台,  马上就到  Get off the stage,  I'd like to leave right now.
碰！马上就到  Bam. That just happened.
耶, 我们走。     剪剪和蜗蜗离开这儿  Yeah, we out.     Snip and Snails outta here.
请不要随手扔麦克风  Please do not  drop the microphones.
耶     碰  Yeah.     Bam.
到你们了   彩虹音爆  In your face, Rainbooms.
至少我们知道了有一组乐队  At least we know one group
已经不会再与我们竞争了  who won't stand in the way  of us getting to the finals.
准备摇滚起来吧！  Let's get ready to rock.
等等   瑞瑞呢?  Wait,  where's Rarity?
噢   在这儿   我在这儿  Ooh, here. I'm here.
我们可是要在无数观众面前演出的  We will be performing  in front of an audience.
我能不穿得华丽一点吗? 哼嗯  I'm not going to wear  something fabulous? Hmm.
大家记住,我们必须要演的足够卖力来保证我们通过,  Remember, we have to be  good enough to make it through,
但是不要太过火了让塞壬们看到我们之间的魔法  but not so good we let the Sirens  see the magic within us.
那样的话她们就能发现我们是在用音乐来对付她们了  They could realize we plan  to use it against them.
明白了. 酷到足够能赢,  Got it.  Be cool enough to win,
但是也不用酷到我们把耳朵、尾巴  but not so cool  that we end up showing off
什么彩虹化的东西显露出来  the whole ears and tails  and rainbows thing.
那么就少20%的酷吧  So about 20% less cool.
一, 二       终于等到这天  One, two.     We just got the day
信心满满  To get ready
时间已经不容再等待  And there's only  so much time to lose
因为今晚——盛大派对  Because tonight, yeah,  we're here to party
准备开始狂欢吧  So let's think of  something fun to do
会发生什么   我们不知头绪  We don't know  what's gonna happen
但我们确定   一定会很精彩  We just know  it's gonna feel right
所有朋友都在场  All our friends are here
点亮彩灯   开始狂欢！  And it's time  to ignite the lights
舞起尾巴   盛大派对今晚到来！  Shake your tail 'cause we're here  to have a party tonight
舞起尾巴   舞起尾巴  Shake your tail,  shake your tail
舞起尾巴   盛大派对今晚到来！  Shake your tail 'cause we're here  to have a party tonight
舞起尾巴   舞起尾巴...  Shake your tail,  shake your tail...
刚开始   你曾错误地决断   无聊  So what you didn't get it  right the first time?   Boring

笑一笑——犯错总在所难免  Laugh it off,  no one said it is a crime
随心而走   你只是初来乍到  Do your thing,  you know you're an original
你的点子太有趣   为之疯狂而颤抖  Your ideas are so funny  that they're criminal
终于等到这天   信心满满  We've just got the day  to get ready
时间已经不容再等待  And there's only  so much time to lose
因为今晚——盛大派对  Because tonight, yeah,  we're here to party
准备开始狂欢吧    好玩极了  So let's think of  something fun to do   Awesome.

会发生什么  We don't know
我们不知头绪  What's gonna happen
但我们确定   一定会很精彩  We just know  it's gonna feel right
所有朋友都在场  All our friends are here
点亮彩灯   开始狂欢！  And it's time  to ignite the lights
舞起尾巴   盛大派对今晚到来！  Shake your tail 'cause we're here  to have a party tonight
舞起尾巴   舞起尾巴  Shake your tail,  shake your tail
舞起尾巴   盛大派对今晚到来！  Shake your tail 'cause we're here  to have a party tonight
舞起尾巴   舞起尾巴  Shake your tail,  shake your tail
舞起尾巴   盛大派对今晚到来！  Shake your tail 'cause we're here  to have a party tonight
舞起尾巴   舞起尾巴  Shake your tail, shake your tail
舞起尾巴   盛大派对今晚到来！  Shake your tail 'cause we're here  to have a party tonight
舞起尾巴   舞起尾巴  Shake your tail,  shake your tail
舞起尾巴   盛大派对今晚到来！  Shake your tail 'cause we're here  to have a party tonight.
搞砸了  Ruined.
全搞砸了  Absolutely ruined.
瑞瑞   你想害我们出局么?  Rarity, were you trying  to make us lose out there?
什么...这可不是我的错啊  What...  this was not my fault.
有人在背后蓄意捣鬼  This was an act of sabotage.
是啊, 是啊, 事情也不会这样  Yeah, well, whoever did this  couldn't have done this
若是你不穿成...穿成这个模样的话  if you didn't insist  on dressing like... like this.
我们只需要演奏好就行了  We need to sound good.
为什么你就是接受不了这个现实呢?  Is there some reason  that concept seems to escape you?
还有这彩纸是怎么回事, 萍琪派?  And what was  with the confetti, Pinkie Pie?
要是这些小纸片粘到我的琴弦上该怎么办?  How am I supposed to shred  if there's paper stuck in my frets?
这确实挺能让人分神的.     哈!  It was pretty distracting.     Ah!
来教训我的竟然是一个  Says the girl who was running
整场演出都在躲聚光灯的小女孩  只是聚光灯而已!  from a light the whole time.   A light!
你们还是比  You still sounded  much better
其他乐队演的都强多了  than most  of the other bands.
我相信你们下一局会做好的  I'm sure you'll make it  to the next round.
但是如果你们没有释放出反制魔法  But it won't matter if you don't
那么一切努力都将是徒劳的  have that counterspell ready.
找一个塞壬们听不到你们的地方练习一下吧  You all find a place to practice  where the Sirens can't hear you,
我会在这里守着  I'll keep an eye on things  around here.
我不觉得我们应该用教室来作为练习场地  I don't think we should  use a classroom.
我们以后真的还是别这样相撞了  We really need to stop bumping  into each other like this.
呃, 你们听到有谁在说话吗?  Uh, you guys  hear something?
呃...呃     呃   没有  Uh  uh.     Uh, no.
我说我们以后还是别...  I said we have to stop...
又来了   真讨厌  There it is again.  So annoying.
你为什么这样?  Why are you  acting like this?
我觉得我们是朋友才对啊  I thought  we were friends.
没错, 但是你回到这里  Yeah, and then you decide  to come back here
只是为了你可以在乐队之争上打败我  just so you can beat me  in the battle of the bands.
我想成为冠军,暮暮,但是你竟想从我这里把冠军夺走  I want this, Twilight,  and you're trying to take it from me.
好一个朋友...  Some friend.
我不是为了...  That's not why...
来吧, 暮暮, 我们还有事情要做呢  Come on, Twilight.  We've got things to do.
你真觉得你帮助到她们了么?  You really think  you're gonna help them?
我敢打赌你现在都不知道你自己在干什么  I bet you have no idea  what you're even doing.
这就哭了?  Tears already?
这才仅仅是第一局而已  This is only  the first round.
下个登场的乐队是  The next band to take the stage
崔克茜和迷幻乐队  will be Trixie  and the Illusions.
该回去了   崔克茜之后就该我们登场了  Better head back.  We're supposed to go on after Trixie.
你们永远别想逃出这里  You're never gonna  get away with this.
为什么   因为你也不行吗?  Why, because you didn't?
噢   你的事我们可全知道   余晖烁烁  Oh, we know all about you,  Sunset Shimmer.
你在坎特拉高中声誉还挺好的嘛  You've got quite  the reputation at Canterlot High.
我已经变了   我现在的处境比以前可好多了  I've changed.  I'm in a much better place now.
你的朋友享乐的时候你在一旁等着?  Waiting in the wings  while your friends have all the fun?
噢   是啊   你们这些女孩可真团结啊  Oh, yes,  you girls are so tight.
那为什么她们不让你成为乐队的一员呢?  And yet they didn't ask you  to be in the band?
可能是担心如果她加入的话  Probably afraid no one  would want to see them play
就没人愿意看她们表演了吧  if she was  in the group.
太糟糕了  Too bad.
太伤心了  So sad.
算是给你句忠告吧,  If it's any consolation,
当我们完成我们的计划之后  no one is going to  remember you at all
没有人会再记得你的  by the time  we're done.
记住, 姑娘们,我们必须收集能量  Remember, girls,  we want to save the good stuff
直到我们恢复所有的力量  for when our full power  has been restored.
你不觉陷入深渊  You didn't know  that you fell
你们已陷入魔咒的圈套  Now that you're  under our spell
随着节拍舞动自己  Blindsided by the beat
拍起手   跺起脚  Clapping your hands,  stomping your feet
你不觉陷入深渊  You didn't know  that you fell
你们已陷入魔咒的圈套  Now you've fallen  under our spell
我们的魔音傀儡着你  We've got the music,  makes you move it
出其不意   强劲有力  Got the song  that makes you lose it
命令你跳, 你问“多高？  We say, "Jump",  you say, "How high?"
双臂向天空敞开  Put your hands up  to the sky
我们的魔音傀儡着你  We've got the music,  makes you move it
出其不意,出其不意  Got the song  that makes you lose it
命令你跳, 你问“多高？  We say, "Jump",  you say, "How high?"
双臂向天空敞开  Put your hands up  to the sky
你不觉陷入深渊  You didn't know  that you fell
你们已陷入魔咒的圈套  Now that you're  under our spell
我的声音美妙无比  Listen to the sound  of my voice
反抗无异天方夜谭  Soon you'll find  you don't have a choice
魔音俘获你的真心  Captured in the web  of my song
不久你一人独自歌唱...  Soon you'll all  be singing along
我们的魔音傀儡着你  We've got the music,  makes you move it
出其不意, 强劲有力  Got the song  that makes you lose it
命令你跳, 你问“多高？  We say, "Jump",  you say, "How high?"
双臂向天空敞开  Put your hands up  to the sky
我们的魔音傀儡着你  We've got the music,  makes you move it
出其不意, 强劲有力  Got the song  that makes you lose it
命令你跳, 你问“多高？  We say, "Jump",  you say, "How high?"
双臂向天空敞开  Put your hands up  to the sky
你不觉陷入深渊  You didn't know  that you fell
你们已陷入魔咒的圈套  Now that you're  under our spell
你不觉陷入深渊  You didn't know  that you fell
你们已陷入魔咒的圈套  Now that you're  under our spell.
太好了,再有一局就能进决赛了  This is it, last round  and you're in the finals.
或者你觉得反制魔法现在就能发动了  Unless you think the counterspell  is ready to be played now.
别担心, 暮暮,今晚之前还未定胜负呢  Don't worry, Twilight,  finals aren't until tonight.
在登台之前我们  We'll get in a little  more practice
还可以再多练习几遍  before we're  supposed to hit the stage.
我们不会让你失望的     没错  We won't let you down.      Yeah.
你们不会让"我"失望的  You won't let me down.
嗯, 我只是想说,  Um, I was just wondering,
我们还没有尝过我写的歌呢而且...  we haven't played any  of my songs yet and...
这已经是半决赛了  It's the semifinals.
我们这次必须要唱"帅如我愿"  We've gotta do  "Awesome as I Wanna Be."
不知道我是怎么想出要问这个的  I don't know why I even asked.
毋庸置疑   我身藏诡计  got tricks  up my sleeve
看我主宰   只因我神通广大  See me dominate 'cause  I'm powerful and great.
哦!精彩绝伦  Oh! Fantastic.
你们永远也别想获得冠军, "彩虹呆爆"  You're never gonna top  that performance, "Raingoons."
你们比我们所有人都占优势  You shouldn't  be allowed to
你们就不该被允许参加这个比赛的  when you have such  a big advantage over the rest of us.
凭我高端大气的吉他演奏  My superior guitar playing
还有震惊四座的好嗓音?  and off  the  charts  awesome singing voice?
喔   别胡扯了  Oh, don't be ridiculous.
我说的是她  I mean her.
云宝黛西   如果你真的是整支乐队的主体  If you were really all that,  Rainbow Dash,
你根本不需要请来某些会魔法的  you wouldn't have needed  to bring in some magical ringer
来抢了你的戏份  to have half a chance.
大家都在谈论这个事情  Everyone's talking about it.
哈! 拜托  Ha! Please.
我完全可以凭我个人的功劳赢得这次比赛  I could win this thing  as a solo act
而且大家也都知道这一点  and everybody knows it.
你当然没问题  Sure, you could.
她不见了!  She's gone!
噢, 等等. 她在那儿  Oh, wait.  There she is.
下一个, 彩虹音爆  Next up, the Rainbooms.
把她们全打败   彩虹音爆     我就呆在这儿  Knock them dead, Rainbooms.     I'll be here.
看看就行  Just watching.
嘿   嘿   嘿   嘿   嘿   嘿  帅如我所愿  Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey     Awesome as I wanna be
帅如我所愿  Awesome as I wanna be
我驾驭彩虹音爆驰骋天际  First you see me  riding on a sonic boom
我用吉他爆发出流行音乐  Got my guitar  shredding up my latest tune
想超越我简直是做白日梦  There is nothing  you can do to beat me
我最棒   别想让我屈膝  I'm so good  that you can't defeat me
耶~我帅气   谁能敌？  Yeah, I'm awesome,  take caution
帅如我愿   印到你的脑海里  Watch out for me,  I'm awesome as I wanna be
耶~我帅气   谁能敌？  Yeah, I'm awesome,  take caution
帅如我愿   印到你的脑海里  Watch out for me,  I'm as awesome as I wanna be
嘿   嘿   嘿   嘿   嘿   嘿  Hey, hey, hey, hey,  hey, hey.
这才是该我们恨的坏女孩  Now that's the bad girl  we love to hate.
我就知道她还是有问题的  I knew she was still trouble.
真正的余晖烁烁回来咯  The real Sunset Shimmer is back.
不   不是你们想的那样  No, it isn't like that.
这算什么?  What was that?
你把你的魔法暴露给她们了  You were showing them  your magic.
我不知道除此之外我还能怎么办啊  I didn't know  what else to do.
拉下帷幕   拔掉她的麦克风  Close the curtains.  Unplug her amp.
给我们一个处理那种情况的机会啊  Give us a chance to deal  with the situation.
对不起   我只是想帮忙而已  I'm sorry.  Ijust wanted to help.
切   你可不是  Yeah, well, you didn't.
如果不是你臭显摆的话这也不会发生的  None of this would've happened  if you weren't trying to show off.
还是老样子  As usual.
干得漂亮, 彩虹音爆  Good show, "Rainbrooms."
我特别喜欢余晖烁烁出场的那一段  I especially like the part  where Sunset Shimmer,
带着嫉妒之火,  in a fit ofjealous rage,
让云宝黛西的电吉他独奏泡汤了  knocked out Rainbow Dash  mid guitar solo.
我可没因嫉妒发火  It wasn't a fit  ofjealous rage.
那好吧  If you say so.
喔, 看来她们已经决定了  Ooh, looks like  they've already decided
谁将晋级最后一轮  who'll be moving on  to the finals.
我觉得这并不难决定  I'm guessing it wasn't  too difficult a decision.
啊?     我们怎么办?  Huh?    What can we do?
我们肯定没有机会再次演出了  There isn't gonna be another  opportunity for us to play.
我为最后决赛还特别准备了最华丽的服装呢  And I had the most gorgeous  outfit for the finals.
没错   因为这才是最可悲的地方   瑞瑞  Yup, 'cause that's  he real tragedy here, Rarity.
你不能再登台展示时装了  That you won't  get to play dress  up.
你心知肚明我不是这个意思  You know perfectly well  that is not what I meant.
你们吵够了没有?  You guys wanna  keep it down?
她们正在宣布谁能晋级呢  They're about to  announce who's moving on.
你开什么玩笑?  Who are you kidding?
你知道我们不可能入选的  You know it isn't  gonna be us.
今晚将与耀眼乐队一同参加决赛的乐队是...  The band that will be joining  the Dazzlings in tonight's finals...
彩虹音爆  the Rainbooms.
什么?!     啊?  What?!   Huh?
她们刚刚是说"彩虹音爆"吗?  Did they just say  "The Rainbooms"?
我跟你们没完  This isn't over.
恭喜   姑娘们  Congratulations, girls.
你们应得的  You deserve it.
开什么玩笑?  我们甚至都没完成...  Seriously?  We didn't even finish our...
今天晚上决赛见   彩虹音爆  See you at tonight's  big show, Rainbooms.
我们很期待取得冠军哦  We are really  looking forward to it.
好啊   你们永远不如我们有实力  Yeah, well,  not as much as we are.
冠军永远不会是你们的   彩虹音爆  This never should have been you,  Rainbooms.
这就是场悲剧  This is a travesty.
一场悲剧!  A travesty!
的确是的  It really is.
彩虹音爆她们没资格进入到总决赛的  The Rainbooms don't deserve  to be in the finals.
特别是你的乐队在半决赛时比她们要好很多  Not when your band  was so much better in the semis.
况且你比她们更想赢  And wanted it  so much more.
唉   看来大势已定  Alas, this is the way  it's going to be.
耀眼乐队 VS 彩虹音爆  Dazzlings  versus Rainbooms.
除非   彩虹音爆她们因为某些原因  Unless, of course, the Rainbooms  don't manage to make it to their set
而不能登台  were held up  for some reason.
嗯?  Hmm?
检查话筒   喂?喂?  Check one, two.  Testing. Testing.
喂?  Testing.
这根本说不通啊  This doesn't  make any sense.
我们表演的很差劲啊  We were awful.
难道没人觉得  Doesn't anybody else  think it's strange
我们能进入总决赛不合情理吗?  that we're the ones  that made it to the finals?
非常不合情理  Very strange.
你在这里干什么   崔克茜?  What are you doing here,  Trixie?
落选者不是应该在那里的普通观众席上么  Pretty sure the losers are supposed  to be up there in the cheap seats.
神通广大的崔克茜  The great and powerful Trixie
是坎特拉高中里最具有舞台天赋的女生  is the most talented girl  at Canterlot High.
我才是那个理应进入总决赛的人  It is I who deserve to be  in the finals.
而且我是不会落选的  And I will not be denied.
永别了  See you never.
我说过会有人"推"她们一把的  Told you someone  would give them a shove.
她可没有"推"她们啊   她是拉的操纵杆  She didn't shove them,  she pulled the lever.
噢, 该吃药了, 索娜塔.  Oh, go back to sleep,  Sonata.
毋庸置疑,我身藏诡计  You better believe  I've got tricks up my sleeve
我身藏诡计,我身藏诡计  And I captivate 'cause  I'm powerful and great
毋庸置疑,我身藏诡计  You'd better believe  I've got tricks up my sleeve
看我主宰,只因我神通广大...  See me dominate 'cause  I'm powerful and great...
放弃吧   云宝黛西  Give it up, Rainbow Dash.
你已经撞了一个小时了   这门还是不会开的  You've been trying at this for hours.  It's not gonna open.
或许我们是否被困在这里都已经不重要了  Maybe it doesn't even matter  that we're trapped down here.
我们的反制魔法是不会再起作用了   我想  I don't think the counterspell  would've worked anyway.
它当然会起作用了   暮暮  Of course it would've worked,  Twilight.
如果我们之中的某个人没有在我们  Assuming a certain band member  didn't try to hog the spotlight
共同表演的时候抢风头的话  the whole time  we were trying to play it.
嘿, 如果你想告诉暮暮  Hey, if you want  to tell Twilight
想成为乐队的新领队  she's getting  a little too caught up
她有点操之过急,  trying to be the new leader of this  band,
你不必这么拐弯抹角  you don't have to be  all cryptic about it.
她是在说你呢   云宝黛西  She was talking about you,  Rainbow Dash.
我?!  Me?!
我只是为了确保"我的"乐队成员  I'm just trying  to make sure my band
和我一样卖力地演出啊  rocks as hard  as it needs to.
是"我们"的乐队!  Our band!
但是为什么魔法没起作用?  But why wasn't it working?
我本来应该知道该怎么做的  I should know what to do.
我却怎么会不知道呢?  How can I not know  what to do?
我怎么可能把这事情像这样搞砸了呢?  How could I  have failed like this?
或许组建乐队这个主意是你的,  It might've been your idea  to start a band,
但是这乐队可不仅仅是你自己的   云宝黛西  but it's not just your band,  Rainbow Dash.
乐队中所有的歌可都是我自己写的啊  I'm the one who writes  all the songs.
我也写歌   但你就是不肯用  I write songs.  You just never let us play any of them.
我有最适合我们出场穿的衣服.  I had the most perfect  outfits for us to wear.
又提服装了  Again with the costumes.
没人会在意我们穿啥的  No one cares  what we're wearing.
我在意   苹果嘉儿!  I care, Applejack.
真抱歉我偏偏喜欢为乐队做出一些创造性的贡献  So sorry if I enjoy trying to make  a creative contribution to the band.
嘿   你们谁还知道"有趣"?!  Hey, anybody here  remember fun?!
我来告诉你们...  I'll give you a hint...
正是不在彩虹音爆这个乐队里!  it's the exact opposite  of being in the Rainbooms!
我真希望我没有让你们中的任何人加入乐队  I wish I never asked  any of you to be in my band.
我希望我从没同意过加入!     我也是  I wish I never agreed to be in it!     Me neither.
耶~耶  Yeah, yeah
毋庸置疑,我身藏诡计  Better believe  I've got tricks up my sleeve
看我主宰,只因我神通广大！  See me dominate 'cause  I'm powerful and great.
试试超过我们啊  Try to top that.
哦   天哪   我们不知道行不行  Oh, gosh,  I don't know if we can.
停下来！你们快停下来！  Stop!  You have to stop!
这就是她们一直以来所盼望的  This is what  they've been after all along.
她们正在吸收你们体内的魔法  They're feeding off  of the magic inside you.
她们怎么可能利用我们的魔法?  How can they  be using our magic?
这可是友谊魔法啊  It's the magic  of friendship.
自从你们组建了这个乐队,  Ever since you started  this band,
你们就一直在为一些小事而产生矛盾  you've been letting  little things get to you.
我对此也没有说过一句话   因为我觉得这轮不到我来管  I never said anything 'cause  I didn't feel like it was my place.
何况我对友谊了解的还是很少  Not when I was so new to this  whole friendship thing.
我还有很多要学的东西  I still have a lot to learn.
但是有一点我十分清楚  But I do know that  if you don't work out
当你们彼此之间连小小的分歧都难以容忍的时候  even the smallest problems  right at the start,
友谊魔法就会变成其他的东西了  the magic of friendship  can be turned into something else.
真不敢相信这些矛盾  I can't believe  all this tension was happening
就在我眼皮底下发生了   而我却没观察到  right under my nose  and I didn't realize it.
我本应该是那个能解决一切矛盾的人  I'm supposed to be the one  with all the answers.
但是自从我来到这里以后   就一直让你们失望  And all I've done  since I got here is let you down.
我觉得并不是每个人都能解决所有的问题  I don't think anyone  is supposed to have all the answers.
但是你可以与你的朋友们共度难关  But you can count  on your friends to help you find them.
我觉得你已经找出解决方法了  I think you already have.
来吧   我们得想个办法出去  Come on, we need to  get out of here.
斯派克!  Spike!
抱歉我来晚了  Sorry I took so long.
我得找一个没被塞壬魔法所影响的人  I had to find somebody who wasn't  under the Sirens spell
来救你们出去  to help me get you out.
为什么她没被影响呢?  Why isn't she  under their spell?
她可从没摘下过她的耳机  Never takes off  herheadphones.
来吧   大家  Come on, y'all.
证明友谊魔法仍与我们同在的时候到了  Time to prove we've still got the magic  of friendship inside us.
想要证明它只有一个办法  And there's only  one way to do it.
我们要重组乐队了吗？  We're getting the band  back together?
我们要重组"我们"的乐队  We're getting  our band back together.
耶!     噢, 那我们释放反制魔法  Whee!     Oh, which version of the counterspell
要用哪首歌呢?  are we going to play?
我觉得只要我们一起演奏  I don't think it matters  what song we play
哪首歌都没关系  as long as we play it  together as friends.
我知道一首  I know just the song.
小蝶写的很棒的歌曲  Fluttershy's written  a really great one.
我们就要去拯救世界了  We're about to  save the world here.
个人观点   我觉得我们得穿的"有范"一点  Personally,  I think we should do it in style.
瑞瑞?     我还以为你不会再提这个了  Rarity?     I thought you'd never ask.
这是我们的主场秀  Welcome to the show
你们已无路走  We're here  to let you know
塞壬时代到  Our time is now
反抗是徒劳  Your time is running out
我们该怎么在这个地方演奏呢?  How are we supposed  to play over them from up here?
音乐的巨浪  Feel the wave of sound
袭来如山倒  As it crashes down
一走了之？  You can't turn away
所为都是徒劳！  We'll make you wanna stay
臣服吧！在我们威名之下  We will be adored
嫉妒又奈何？  Tell us that you want us
我们不可忽视  We won't be ignored
回馈我们的时间到！  It's time for our reward
不应挣扎  Now you need us
不可反抗  Come and meet us
阻止我们办不到！  Nothing can stop us now
音乐回荡我心间  I've got the music in me
不需要放声尖叫  Don't need  to hear a crowd
直呼我姓名  Cheering out my name
我不会来这寻找不屑和骂名  I didn't come here  seeking infamy or fame
唯一带来的东西  The one and only thing
存乎于心田  That I am here to bring
就是音乐   是这音乐  Is music,  is the music
灵魂的呐喊  Is the music  in my soul
打破禁锢  Gonna break out
挣脱束缚！耶~  Set myself free, yeah
随心而去  Let it all go, go
一切皆好！耶~  Just let it be, yeah
音乐存于心间  Find the music  in your heart
光明未来在展望  Let the music  make you start
超越平凡   熠熠发亮！  To set yourself apart
彩虹音爆想把这场演出变成真的战斗吗?  So the Rainbooms want to turn this  into a real battle of the bands?
那我们就来战斗吧  Then let's battle.
能量已够多  What we have in store
但还满足不了我们  All we want and more
打破这现实  We will break on through
你们终结才是最长久！  Now it's time  to finish you
余辉烁烁   我们需要你  Sunset Shimmer,  we need you.
你们别想击垮我  You're never gonna  bring me down
你们别想击垮我  You're never gonna  break this part of me
朋友帮我走上正途  My friends are here  to bring me around
歌唱不是为了把名声提起  Not just singing  for popularity
我们从不畏缩  We're here  to let you know
我们绝不放手  That we won't let it go
用音乐作为终极武器   我们随时恭候  Our music is a bomb  and it's about to blow
反击只是徒劳  And you can try to fight
因为有友谊之火   作为我们的纽带！  But we have got the light  of friendship on our side
排除艰辛与万难  Got the music  in our hearts
我们心间歌悠扬  We're here to blow  this thing apart
团结一心   共同前进  And together,  we will never
何惧风雨黑暗！  Be afraid of the dark
放声高歌欢与乐  Here to sing our song  out loud
大家团聚齐舞蹈  Get you dancing  with the crowd
有这音乐   友谊长存  As the music  of our friendship survives
长存！！  Survives
排除艰辛与万难  Got the music  in our hearts
我们心间歌悠扬  We're here to blow  this thing apart
团结一心   共同前进  And together,  we will never
何惧风雨黑暗！  Be afraid of the dark
放声高歌欢与乐  Here to sing our song  out loud
大家团聚齐舞蹈  Get you dancing  with the crowd
有这音乐   友谊长存  As the music  of our friendship survives
长存   长存！！  Survives, survives
臣服吧   在我们威名之下  We will be adored
嫉妒又奈何？  Tell us that you want us
我们不可忽视  We won't be ignored
回馈我们的时间到...  It's time for our reward...
我猜这就是她们为什么这么特别的原因吧  Guess that explains why these were  so special to them.
没有了这个项链和你从小马国带来的魔法,  Without those pendants and the magic  you brought here from Equestria,
她们就是三个普通的少女而已  they're just three  harmless teenage girls.
彩虹音爆赢了！这太震撼了  Rainbooms rule!  That was amazing.
你们是战胜了耀眼乐队  You may have vanquished  the Dazzlings,
但是你们永远别想拥有  but you will never have the amazing  showstopping ability
神通广大的崔克茜一样的舞台天赋！  of the great  and powerful Trixie.
她不见了!  She's gone!
哦   等等   她在那儿  Oh, wait.  There she is.
崔克茜没事  Trixie's okay.
你知道的   暮暮马上要回小马国了  You know, Twilight is going back  to Equestria soon.
彩虹音爆还真需要一个  The Rainbooms  could really use
能帮小蝶伴奏的人  someone to help Fluttershy  on backup vocals.
我也会弹吉他  I also play guitar.
我们会考虑的  We'll see.
真希望你还能多待一阵子  Sure wish  you could stay longer.
我也希望   但是在小马国  Me, too, but I have  responsibilities
还有许多事务在等着我去完成呢  in Equestria  that I have to get back to.
公民们还需要我  Its citizens need me.
但是现在   需要我的时候我随时都能赶回来  But now I can go through the portal  whenever I need to.
这不是"永别"   这只是下次见面之前的告别  This isn't good  bye,  it's just good  bye till next time.
准备好了吗?     好了  Ready?     Ready.
"亲爱的暮光闪闪公主,  "Dear  Princess Twilight,
我已经开始想念你了   真希望你能早日回来  missing you already  and hope you'll be back soon.
我在坎特拉高中的声誉已经和从前大不一样了,  Things are definitely looking up  for me here at Canterlot High,
但是关于友谊   我依然还有许多东西要学  but I know I still have a lot  to learn about friendship.
希望在我需要写信向你寻求帮助的时候   你不要介意  Hope you don't mind if I write to you  for advice when I need it.
你的朋友   余晖烁烁"  Your friend,  Sunset Shimmer."
你准备好了没?     准备好了  You ready or what?     Ready.
一,二,三,四  One, two, three, four.
曾经的某一天  Once upon a time
你出现在我眼前   让群星排队排  You came into my world  and made the stars align
现在我明白  Now I can see the signs
萎靡之时你使我重新振作起来  You pick me up  when I get down so I can shine
像彩虹一般闪耀  Shine like rainbows
彩虹般闪耀  Shine  like rainbows
朋友   我们肩并肩  Friends,  you are in my life
我会是你最坚实的靠山  And you can count on me  to be there by your side
当充满活力的音乐响起  And when the music  comes alive
你一展歌喉   让我们重振未来  We sing our songs to  lift us up so we can shine
音乐荡漾在脑海中  And the sound  that we hear in our hearts
音乐荡漾在脑海中  Makes a crescendo
黑暗中一丝光芒  And the light that ignites  in the dark
让炽热涌上心头  It makes us all glow
像彩虹一般闪耀  And shine like rainbows
彩虹般闪耀  We shine like rainbows
我们排成排  Together we stand
何惧风雨怒号！  As the rain  begins to fall
阳光穿透乌云之际  And holding  our heads up high
仰天高歌  As the sun shines  through it all
音乐荡漾在脑海中  And the sound  that we hear in our hearts
久久回荡心头  Makes a crescendo
黑暗中一丝光芒  And the light  that ignites in the dark
让炽热涌上心头  It makes us all glow
像彩虹一般闪耀  And shine like rainbows
彩虹般闪耀  We shine like rainbows
彩虹般闪耀  Shine like rainbows
彩虹般闪耀  We shine like rainbows
彩虹般闪耀  Shine like rainbows.
毋庸置疑   斯派克  No doubt about it, Spike.
那所学校里肯定发生了什么奇怪的事情  There's definitely something strange  going on at that school.
