小美人鱼2
你是我的世界  You are my world
亲爱的  My darling
我所见过最美好的世界  What a wonderful world I see
你是我唱的歌曲  You are the song I'm singing
你是我美丽的美莉缇  You're my beautiful Melody
片名: 小美人鱼2  回到大海
亲爱的我们该走了  Darling we'd better be going
你看她多光彩夺目  Look at her, isn't she glowing
她的可爱像你充满光彩  She looks divine and you look exquisite
但别再等了     应该来得及  But look at the time     Couldn't be is it
船员都在等你的命令  The crew is awaiting your orders
我们随时都可以航行  We're sailing away from our borders
稳住了 各位  Steady, boy, steady
注意他们来了  Ahoy there They're coming
号手们就位 鼓手们就位  Trumpeters ready Drummers, start drumming
我们往海里走  Down to the sea we go
到海洋的尽头  Down to a world I know
从来都没有一个小孩  There's never been not ever before
海洋和陆地都拥有  A child born of sea and shore
我们往海里走  Down to the sea we go
我们往水里游  Down to the world below
我为你祝福我小小公主  A journey to bless a princess  to  be
蓝天在上  Under the sun
那大海在底  And under the sea
艾莉儿来了  Ariel's coming
艾莉儿来了  Ariel's coming?
艾莉儿来了  Ariel's coming
艾莉儿来了…  Ariel's coming?
艾莉儿来了？     艾莉儿来了…  Ariel's coming?     Ariel's coming?
艾莉儿来了…     艾莉儿来了 艾莉儿来了…  Ariel's coming     Ariel's coming, Ariel's coming
海面上亮亮晶晶  What's all the big commotion
海底下充满欢欣  That's spreading through the ocean
只有一个原因  From sea to shining sea
快唱出你的热情  There is no hesitating
让我们大声欢迎  Today we celebrating
艾莉儿的美莉缇  Ariel's Melody
今天川顿的女儿 再回到海里生活  Today when Triton's daughter comes back here to the water
我们快乐无比  We gonna have a spree
那船儿已来到  The boat is nearer now
我好像已听到 艾莉儿的美莉缇  I think I hear her now Ariel's Melody
我们从海里来  Up from the sea we rise
天空为我存在  Up to the world of skies
从来就没有  There's never been not ever before
一个小孩 海洋和陆地都能待  A child born of sea and shore
我们从海里来  Up from the sea we rise
天空为我存在  Up to the world of skies
永远不忘记 永远在一起  Forever to be together as one
在深海底  Under the sea
在阳光之下  And under the sun
这就是你的世界 亲爱的  This is your world my darling
有海洋有陆地  One world, the land and sea
对你我已别无所求  My hope for you for always
只要永远对我不忘怀  Is that your heart will hold part of me
我们往海里走  Down to the sea we go
上到海面     下到海底  Up from the sea     Down to the world below
永远不忘记 永远在一起在  Together we come forever to be
阳光下  Under one sun
海洋与陆地  The land and the sea
我珍贵的美莉缇  My precious Melody,
我送你这个小坠子  I'm giving you this locket
好让你永远不会忘记你的心  so that you will never forget that part of your heart
有一部份是属于海洋的  will always belong to the sea.
美莉缇  Melody
有派对  A party
乌苏拉的疯狂妹妹  Ursula's crazy sister
我没有错过蛋糕和冰淇淋 对吧？  I didn't miss the cake and ice cream, did I?
莫吉娜  Morgana
马上把宝宝还给我 否则…  Surrender the baby, or I'll...
乌苏拉一定很乐意来参加  Ursula would have simply loved to have come,
但是有事绊住了  but something came up.
对了 我说到哪儿了 哦对  Now, what was it? Oh, yes.
你们几个全都在欺侮她  You all shish  kebabbed her
前一分钟你们赢了 但接着你们完了  One minute you're on top, the next you're sushi.
这位老爷爷我问你 这样公平吗？  Now, is that fair, Gramps? I ask you.
但话说回来 谁说我们得公平来着  But then, whoever said we had to play fair?
杜鲨  Oh, Undertow
你们这些小东西 让开  Make way, little mershrimp
我要过来了  I'm coming through
交出三叉戟  Hand over the trident
否则你的宝贝外孙女 就会变成鲨鱼饲料  or your precious granddaughter will be shark chow
拜托你 你要什么都可以  You can have anything you want.
只求你不要伤害小美莉缇  Just don't harm little Melody.
这个嘛…  Well, well.
我得到三叉戟  I get the trident,
为我那可怜 而不幸的乌苏拉报仇  avenge poor, unfortunate Ursula,
并得到七海所有的权力  and gain all the powers of the ocean,
而现在还不到十点呢  and it's not even 10:00.
很不赖的早晨  Not a bad morning.
快趴下  Hit the deck
美莉缇  Melody
你把我给怎么了 看看我  What have you done to me? Look at me
我变成小鳀鱼了  I'm an anchovy Ah
事情还没结束呢 这只是开始而已  This isn't the end, Triton It's just the beginning
快去追她  After her
你绝对找不到我  You'll never find me
但是我会找到你  But I'll find you
和你的宝贝外孙女  and your precious granddaughter
那个疯狂女人被消灭之前 绝对不会罢休  We shall not rest until that madwoman is vanquished
去找她  Find her
对不起 都没有她的影子 她消失不见了  I'm sorry. There is no sign of her. She's vanished.
我们会继续试 我们…     不 宝贝  We'll keep trying.     Sweetie, no.
我们得让美莉缇远离她  Oh, we've got to keep Melody away from her.
在找到莫吉娜之前 美莉缇不可以到海里  Until Morgana is found, Melody can't go in the sea.
我也不能  And neither will I.
但艾莉儿…     对不起 小比目鱼  But, Ariel...     I'm sorry, Flounder.
但是莫吉娜如果跟乌苏拉一样 她绝对不会放弃的  But if Morgana is anything like Ursula, she'll never give up.
这是唯一的办法  This is the only way.
美莉缇不能知道人鱼 或是亚特兰提卡  Melody can't know about merpeople or Atlantica
甚至是您 爸爸  or even you, Daddy.
说得对 艾莉儿  Very well, Ariel.
你说得对  You're right.
赛巴斯丁 你负责看好她  Sebastian, you will watch over her.
我？  Me?
美莉缇  Melody?
美莉缇  Melody?
卡若妲 你有没有看到美莉缇？  Oh, Carlotta, have you seen Melody?
我从早上就没看到 王妃殿下  Not since this morning, Your Majesty.
路易 美莉缇没有在这里 是吧  Louis, Melody's not in here, is she?
没有 王妃陛下 但是她的蛋糕在  No, Your Highness, but her birthday cake is.
十二支小蜡烛  Twelve petite candles.
实在太完美了  C'est magnifique
这将会是个很不赖的宴会  This is gonna be some kind of shindig.
没错 就像他们说的什么… 时髦晚会  Yes, sir, a real swanky soiree, as they say.
但独独缺了一样东西 晚会的贵宾  There's just one thing missing, the guest of honour
塞巴斯丁 你负责照顾她 她是我的…  "Sebastian, you watch over her," he said.
我老的不适合了  I'm too old for this
我这个年纪的螃蟹应该退休了  A crab my age should be retired, getting a tan,
去日光浴 打海洋高尔夫  playing sea golf,
喝着鲔鱼鸡尾酒  sipping a tuna colada
不是去照顾另外一个青少女  Not baby  sitting another teenager.
美莉缇  Melody
嗨 史卡托 嘿 赛斯巴丁 有什么新鲜事啊  Hey, Scuttle. Hey, Sebastian. What's kicking?
新鲜事啊 我看看啊  Uh, hat's kicking? Hmm. Let me see.
不要催我  Don't rush me.
你很清楚有什么事  Ha You know perfectly well what's kicking.
不要再玩了 你快来不及参加…  Now, come along. You gonna be late for the...
抱歉 塞巴斯丁  Sorry, Sebastian.
美莉缇 孩子 我要告诉你多少次才行  Melody, child, how many times do I have to tell you?
你绝绝对对不可以在  It is expressly forbidden for you to be swimming
安全的海围墙之外游泳  beyond the safety of the sea wall.
跑出来游泳 是莽撞又违反规定的  Any such swimming is a reckless disregard of the rules,
你不知道吗？  don't you know?
别这样嘛  Stop that.
赛巴斯丁 你叫我怎么说呢  Oh, Sebastian, I can't help it.
我真的好爱大海  I just love the sea
快回来啊  Hey Come back here
你就像是…  You're just like,
像你妈一样  like your mother.
嗨 美莉缇  Hi, Melody.
相信我  Trust me
这一次我确定我弄对了  This time I'm sure I've got it right.
对 你上次也这么说 而我酸痛了一个星期  Yeah, that's what you said last time, and I was sore for a week.
停止抱怨 别再乱动  Oh, stop your carping and stand still.
这一定会很痛  Oh, this is gonna hurt.
好耶 对了 对了  Yes. Yes. Yes
这些都没有用  It's just no use.
三叉戟的力量太强 我没有办法击败它  The power of the trident is just too strong for me to overcome.
我敢说乌苏拉就可以  I bet Ursula could've done it.
什么？你在那儿嘀咕些什么？  What was that you said?
没有 我只是说…  Nothing. I'm just saying...
我不准你再批评我  Stop criticising me
我妈这辈子 只会不停的批评我  That's all my mother ever did was criticise me.
永远只会说乌苏拉这个 乌苏拉那个  It was always Ursula this or Ursula that
或是莫吉娜 你为什么不能 多学学你姐姐  or, "Morgana, why can't you be more like your sister
乌苏拉  "Ursula "
不是乌苏拉害我变得 这么迷你的  Well, it isn't Ursula's fault I got miniaturised.
是你的错     不是  It's yours     Is not
是你的错 躲躲藏藏十二年 我们才得在这个冰洞里  Your fault that we had to hide out here for 12 frostbitten years.
不是     是你的错 才害我们再也不能  Is not     Your fault that we can never
出现在公开场合  show our faces in polite society again
你真的是逼人太甚了  You're really pushing it, small fry.
是那个坠子  It's the locket
这正是我们在冰洞里 长久等待的机会  This is just the kind of break in the ice we've been waiting for.
等到艾莉儿天真的小女儿  When Ariel's innocent little daughter
发现这个坠子的秘密之后  uncovers the secret of that locket,
她一定会有一箩筐的疑问  she's going to have lots of questions.
然后谁会在场 提供这些答案呢？  And who'll be right there with all the answers?
我们啊     一点也没错  We will.     Exactly
她将是我们 征服川顿的完美工具  She'll be the perfect tool for Triton's undoing.
然后我又会再度变大  And I'll get to be big again.
终于我可以做到 我姐姐这一辈子无法做到的事  Finally I'll succeed at the one thing my sister never could.
真的 真的再度变大  Really, really big again
完完全全的掌控七海  Total domination of the seas
我会变大  I'll be huge
美莉缇 拜托  Melody, please.
如果你妈发现你跑到外面游泳  If your mother ever found out you'd been swimming out here...
我知道 我知道 她会发疯  I know, I know. She'd flip.
我刚刚突然想到  I had a thought here.
我该想到什么  Now, where'd it go? Hmm.
嘿 赛巴斯丁 我妈妈到底对海有什么成见  Hey, Sebastian, what's my mom got against the ocean anyway?
我是说大海是这么美好 怎么可能…  I mean, how could there be anything wrong with something so
有什么不对  wonderful?
你知道吗  You know what?
有时候我甚至假装  Sometimes I even pretend
我有… 鳍  I have fins.
我好希望能告诉妈妈我的感受  I wish I could tell my mom how I feel.
但… 她永远不会了解  But she'd never understand.
我可以跟螃蟹说却…  I can talk to crabs, but
不能跟她  not to her.
等一下  Wait a minute.
我刚刚想到  It just hit me.
你是不是应该告诉艾莉儿  How 'bout you tell Ariel
你真正的感受怎么样  how you really feel?
是啊 尽管去说  Oh, yes, by all means.
只管走进去并且告诉她 你曾经  Just waltz right in and tell her you been out here
到海里面去游泳  swimming in the ocean
我们可以举行一个大宴会  We could all just have a big party.
宴会？  The party
这让我想起了一件事  Say, that reminds me of something.
是你啊     公主陛下  Whoa     Oh, Your... Your Highness.
抱歉 我的错  Sorry. My fault.
我得走了 总不能光着脚丫参加宴会  I gotta go. Can't go to the party without shoes.
如果你问我 她是有一点奇怪  If you ask me, she's a little strange.
我听说她还真的跟鱼说话  I heard she actually talks to fish.
你在开什么玩笑  You're kidding.
这应该会是很有意思的宴会  It should make for an interesting party.
我等不及了  Yes I should say
爸爸 我好想你  I miss you, Daddy.
真希望你能跟我们在一起  I wish you could be here with us.
妈妈  Mother?
你在那里干嘛     没什么  What are you doing?     Uh, nothing.
我马上就来  I'll be right up
美莉缇  Melody?
我好了  I'm ready.
来 我来帮你  Here. Let me help.
今天的头发不好整理吗？  So, we're having a bad hair day.
就算是 你也帮不了忙 对吗？  If we were, you wouldn't be helping, would you?
我只是来告诉你们 楼下有一大堆的客人  I'm just here to let you know there are a lot of people downstairs...
我们马上就下去 再给我们两分钟  Oh, we'll be right down. Give us two minutes.
是啊 两分钟 我以前也常听谁这么说过  Right, two... Where have I heard that before?
妈 不要再梳了  Mom, put down the brush.
根本没用的     哦  It's hopeless.     Oh.
你看起来好美  You look beautiful.
一定要这样做吗？  Do I have to do this?
每个人都认为我…很怪  Everybody thinks I'm weird.
宝贝 你这个年纪的每一个人 都不太适应  Oh, honey, everyone has trouble fitting in at your age.
我就是这样  I know I did.
我就像是一条… 不适应水的小鱼  I was a regular fish out of water.
你？不可能  You? No way.
我真的好怕 我会是个十足的大傻瓜  I'm just so afraid I'm gonna make a total fool of myself.
美莉缇 这不光只是因为宴会对吗？  Melody, this isn't just about the party, is it?
你有没有什么话想要谈谈  Is there something you want to talk about?
你知道 你什么事都可以跟妈妈说  You know you can always tell me anything.
这… 好吧  Well, okay.
我是说这有点疯狂  I mean, it's kinda crazy and
而且… 有点不太可能  sort of impossible.
先不要生气  Now, don't freak,
但… 我在这世界上 最希望做的事情就是…  but what I dream about more than anything in the whole world...
准备好了吗？  How's it coming?
美莉缇 真的是你吗  Oh, Melody. Is that you?
你看起来好漂亮  You look beautiful.
他说得对 我们等一会儿再谈  He's right. Now, we'll talk later.
你今天晚上一定会很愉快的 相信我  You're going to have a wonderful time tonight. Trust me.
容我介绍 今天的寿星  May I present Her Royal Highness,
美莉缇公主陛下  Princess Melody.
没错 妈说得对 我可以办到  Oh, yeah. Mom's right. I can do this.
我可以请你跳支舞吗？  Um, hi. Would you like to dance?
去啊  Go on.
当然 好啊  Sure. Okay.
不     够了  Oh, no     That's it.
我要自己航行去逍遥  I'm booking myself on a cruise.
我真的很抱歉     应该抱歉的… 是我  I'm so sorry.     Well, I should say
你还好吗 塞巴斯丁？     是我  Are you okay, Sebastian?     So.
她是在跟谁说话啊  Who is she talking to?
她是在跟螃蟹说话  She's talking to a crab
是你  You
破坏份子  Saboteur
我要把你变成我的海鲜大餐  You're going in the bouillabaisse
天啊 不 路易 你不会这么做的  Oh, no No, Louis You don't wanna do this, man
我老了 我不适合做海鲜大餐  I'm old I'm not tender any more
路易  Louis
美莉缇  Melody
那只笨螃蟹  Death to the crab
你看你  Oh, Louis
小宝贝  Oh, sweetheart,
我觉得好遗憾  I'm so sorry.
我… 我到底是怎么回事  What's wrong with me?
没有 你没有什么不对啊  Oh, nothing's wrong with you.
妈 我简直是灾难公主  Mom, I'm the princess of disaster.
当一个青少年是很难的  Being a teenager is hard,
再说你这个年纪的孩子 都觉得… 笨手笨脚  and, uh, all kids your age feel awkward.
还有…     美莉缇  And...     Melody?
这是什么？ 上面有我的名字  What is this? My name's on here.
这首歌 我在哪儿听过  That song. Where have I heard it?
这是亚特兰提卡 那里有人鱼等等之类的  It's Atlantica. With merpeople and everything.
妈 你总是说这些全是童话故事  Mother, you always said it was just an old fish tale.
你从哪里拿到这个的  Where did you get this?
我… 我发现的  I, I found it.
你翻过那一面墙了对不对？  You went over the wall, didn't you?
其实我是钻过去的 我痛恨那面笨墙  Actually, I went under it. I hate that stupid wall.
美莉缇 你明知道你不可以到海里的  Melody, you know you're not allowed in the sea.
为什么？  But why?
还有那条项链 为什么有我的名字？  And why does that necklace have my name on it?
美莉缇 你听我说  Melody, listen to me.
你有事情在瞒我  You're hiding something from me.
你… 你是不是 一定要故意不听我的话  You deliberately disobeyed me
我不准你再给我到海里去 大海是很危险的 听到没有？  I never want you going out there again It's dangerous in the sea
你怎么知道 你自己又从来没有去过  How would you know? You've never even been in it
美莉缇 我…  Melody, I...
不  Oh, no.
艾莉儿 别这样 我们早知道会有这一天的  Ariel, darling, we knew this day would come.
亚力克  Oh, Eric.
你是对的 现在是我该告诉她 真相的时候了  You're right. It's time I trusted her with the truth.
好了 孩子 一切都会没事的  Oh, now, child, it's gonna be okay.
你知道 我十几岁的时候  You know, when I was a teenager
我根本就不肯跟人家打交道  you couldn't get me out of my shell for Nothing.
我的声音又高又尖  I had this high, squeaky voice
我的钳子好小好小  and these itty  bitty little pincers.
然后有一天  And then one day, boom
我的声音像歌王 冒出这个庞然大物  I sound like Caruso and these whoppers pop out
小姐 你现在到哪儿去啊？  Young lady, just where do you think you're going?
我得搞清楚这件事  I've gotta figure this out.
这一条项链有一些秘密  This necklace means something,
如果没有人要告诉我  and if no one's gonna tell me,
我就自己去查出来  I'm gonna find out myself.
美莉缇 拜托 你犯了个大错  Melody, please You're making a big mistake
这太美妙了  Oh, this is delicious.
这太令人愉快了  This is divine
走吧 还等什么  Let's go, flatsos.
杜鲨 快点哦  Hurry, Undertow.
外面有一个小女孩 正需要我们的帮助  There's a little girl out there who needs our help.
好 塞巴斯丁 你必须保持冷静  All right, Sebastian, you must remain calm.
这不是你的错  This is not your fault.
你现在只要好好的进去 冷静的解释说  All you have to do is go in there and calmly explain
美莉缇离家出走了  that Melody has run away.
你没有必要失去理智  No reason to lose your head.
不管你做什么 只要完完全全 绝绝对对  Whatever you do, you "absitively, " "positutely"
千万不要惊慌  must not panic.
美莉缇  Melody
美莉缇跑了 美莉缇跑了…     塞巴斯丁 你在这里做什么？  Melody's gone, Melody's gone     Sebastian? What are you doing here?
这全是我的错 我试着阻止她  All my fault I tried to stop her
我根本不配活下去  I don't deserve to live
跑了？跑去哪里？  Gone? Gone where?
出去 出去…  Out, out.
到海里  To the sea.
你是什么意思？ 她会跑哪里去了呢？  What do you mean? Where could she be going?
去莫吉娜那儿  To Morgana's.
她可以告诉我这项链的意思  And she can tell me what this locket means,
为什么有我的名字  why it has my name on it?
当然了 孩子  Oh, sure, kid.
莫吉娜最行了 只有她能帮你  Morgana's the best. She'll help ya.
好 那你带我去  Okay. Then let's go.
小可爱 来见见独一无二的…  Angel face, meet the one and only
莫吉娜  Morgana.
我的宝贝 欢迎啊  Oh, welcome, my precious.
不必害羞  Oh, don't be shy.
进来 进来 外头太冷了  Come in. Come in out of the cold.
坐 坐  Sit, sit.
把你的脚放上来  Put your feet up.
饿不饿啊 恐怕我这里只有冷盘而已  Hungry? Afraid all I have is a cold plate.
鱼冰棒 海草薯片  Smelt  cicle? Kelp chip?
孔雀鱼饺  Hush guppy?
不 谢了  Uh, no, thank you.
我希望你能告诉我这项链的事  I was hoping you could tell me about this pendant,
为什么会有我的名字  why it has my name on it.
我… 妈不肯告诉我  My mother wouldn't tell me.
她就是没有办法了解  She just doesn't understand.
妈妈不能了解孩子心里 想什么的人 不是只有你  Oh, you're not the only one with a mother who doesn't understand you.
相信我 我非常了解你的感受  Believe me, I know just how you feel.
亲爱的孩子 你有没有想过 这坠子上面有你的名字  Dear child, did you ever consider that it has your name on it
是因为这里面有你的命运  because it has your destiny in it?
我知道 你从小就怀疑  Oh, deep down you know you weren't meant to be
你不该只是个人类  a lowly human.
你的本质比那个… 迷人的多了  What you are is something far more enchanting.
人鱼吗？  A mermaid?
但那是不可能的  But it's not possible.
怎么会 什么事都有可能  Darling, anything's possible.
你可以把我变成一只人鱼  You can turn me into a mermaid?
这只是小事一桩  Piece of fish cake, honey.
看运气了  Lotsa luck.
乌苏拉的魔药 你从哪儿弄来的  Ursula's magic? Where'd you get that?
我一直保留着 等特殊场合用  I've been saving it for a special occasion.
只要一滴这个 然后巴搭宾巴搭碰  One drop of this and, bada  bing, bada  boom
你就成了美人鱼了  You're in fin city Whee
真的啊     来 亲爱的  Really?     Come, my darling.
你的命运正在等着你  Your destiny awaits you.
我真不敢相信  I don't believe it
我是只美人鱼  I'm a mermaid.
大声的说 骄傲的说  Say it loud, say it proud
我是只美人鱼  I'm a mermaid
你一直有这个魔药  You had this all along.
你可以把我变回去的 我应该…  You could've changed me back. Why, I oughta...
你给我冷静一点  Keep your scales on, small fry.
我得先赢得她的信任  I'm still reeling her in.
爸爸 我实在好担心  Oh, Daddy, I'm so worried.
艾莉儿 一切都会没事  Everything's going to be all right, Ariel.
我们已经派人在大海里搜寻  We have search parties scouring the ocean.
我现在也要亲自加入搜索  I'm going to join them now myself.
艾莉儿 也许… 你该跟爸爸去  Ariel, maybe you should go with him.
但是亚力克…  But, Eric...
我需要待在这儿 指挥陆地上的搜索  I need to stay here and lead the search on land.
但你了解水域  But you know these waters,
你也了解我们的女儿  and you know our daughter.
你必须要去  You have to go.
这会很危险  It may be dangerous.
亚力克说得对  Eric's right, Daddy.
我早该知道 无法让美莉缇远离大海  I should've known I couldn't keep Melody from the sea.
那是她的一部份  It's a part of her.
也是我的一部份  And a part of me.
我必须走了  I have to go.
把她带回来  Bring her home.
好棒好酷的感觉哦  What a totally cool feeling
对不起 真是对不起  Oh, excuse me. I'm so sorry, ma'am.
好吧 再一次只要多一些练习  Okay, get a grip Get the hang of this flipper
就像两只脚穿一双特大号拖鞋  It's like slipping two feet into one big, huge slipper
这边往左 那边往右  This way is left Which way is right
这样下去一定没有结果  Oh, now I'll be circling in circles all night
原来是向前 没问题  Oh, so this is forward. No problem.
从没想过我也能这么做  I can't believe I can do this and more
在海里游泳竟是如此快乐  To swim in the sea like I walk on the shore
我已决定不再封闭自我  Out of my shell Not closed up like a clam
往前冲  Look out, sea This is me
去寻觅新世界  Here I am
这一瞬间我愿意  For a moment all of me
就在大海里自由来去  Is alive and at home in the sea
我优雅的旋转 我不停转圈  I'm swirling and twirling So graceful and grand
不会再搁浅 没有任何危险  Not stubbing my toes Getting stuck in the sand
这一瞬间海最酷  For a moment life is cool
让我梦想能尽情演出  I'm a splash in the world's biggest pool
没有任何拦阻 只有高声欢呼  This is more than my thoughts ever thought it could be
这一瞬间 这一瞬间到永远  For a moment Just a moment
我好幸运啊  Lucky me
如果有那么一刻  If only for one moment
与你分享我的喜忧  I had shared with you all I know
大海就不再那么神秘  The sea wouldn't be a mystery
不会让你离开我  Oh, why did you have to go
一切都更新鲜明亮又蔚蓝  Everything's newer and brighter and bluer
生命如此真实  And truer to life than before
看我去翱翔  Watch me soar
这一瞬间我发现  For a moment I can shine
鱼鳍能带我悠游世界  Got a grin and a fin that works fine
我手指已发皱 但是我无所谓  My fingers are wrinkly and I really don't care
那头发已纠结我不觉得累  If all of my curls have curled out of my hair
这一瞬间我看见  For a moment I can feel
所有梦想在慢慢实现  All the dreams I've been dreaming are real
这世界多新鲜  Wish my mother could hear it
愿你能听见  The sea is my song
这一瞬间  For a moment Just a moment
我已拥有全世界  I belong
我亲爱的美莉缇  I will find you, my darling
如今何处去找寻  And the moment that I do
我多希望能再抱紧你  I'll hold you close, my Melody
再与你共谱海的旋律  And sing the song of the sea With you
与你共谱海的     就在这一瞬间  Sing the song of the sea     For a moment, just a moment
旋律     我已拥有全世界  With you     I belong
谢谢 真是太谢谢你了  Oh, thank you Thank you so much
你怎么了？  What's the matter?
我就知道会发生这种事  Oh, I knew this would happen.
一旦试过就上瘾了  One taste, and you're hooked.
杜鲨 我真的是好失败 真的是…  Oh, Undertow, I'm such a failure, such a...
我的宝贝  Oh, my precious,
这个魔药不够 所以没办法做永远的改变  there wasn't enough potion for this to be a forever spell.
拜托 我… 我不想回去 当个普通的女孩子  Please, I don't want to go back to being an ordinary girl.
有没有什么办法 可以让我当人鱼的  Isn't there some way I can stay a mermaid?
这恐怕没有 一个绝对可行的办法  No, I'm afraid there's absolutely no possible way.
是有个办法  Well, there is one way.
我在想什么啊 那样太危险了  No. What am I thinking? It's far too dangerous.
什么？ 你是说… 什么太危险  What? What's too dangerous?
这个嘛 我可以让咒语持续久一点  Well, I could make the spell last longer
但那需要我的神奇三叉戟  if I had my magic trident.
可是在几年前 一个神经错乱的窃盗狂 把它偷走了  Oh, but it was stolen years ago by a deranged kleptomaniac,
而且没有人去帮我把它拿回来  and there's no one to get it back for me.
也许我可以帮你拿回来  Maybe I could get it back for you.
你愿意为我这么做  You would do that for me?
如果我拿回来 你能让我当永久的人鱼吗？  If I did, would you make me a mermaid forever?
只要你喜欢甚至更久  Even longer, if you like.
好 这儿 就是那个无赖住的地方  Now, here is where the scoundrel lives.
亚特兰提卡 你是说… 那不只是古老的神话  Atlantica? You mean it's not just an old fish tale?
它真的存在  It really exists?
它当然存在 亲爱的  Of course it exists, dear.
是谁跟你说它不存在的  Whoever told you otherwise?
我… 妈妈  My... mother.
我相信她不是故意 想要残忍的欺骗你  Well, I'm sure she didn't mean to be cruel and deceitful.
好吧 我会拿回你的三叉戟  Okay, I'll bring back your trident.
你放心交给我吧  You can count on me
小心点 亲爱的  Be careful, dear.
好好享受你的鳍  Enjoy those fins
趁你还有机会  While you can.
我看看 在二圈航道的南边  Hmm. Let's see. South to Two Circles Pass,
然后… 往北到…  then, uh, north to...
不 不 往东到…  No, no, um, east to...
我的地图… 都毁了  My map. It's ruined.
现在要怎么找 去亚特兰提卡的路  Now how am I gonna find my way to Atlantica?
快来人帮忙 救命啊  Help Someone, please
宝宝 撑着点 我们会来救你的  Help Oh Oh, hold on, sweetie We'll save you
救命啊 妈妈 快啊  Help Mama Hurry
我还是抓不到她  I can't reach her.
快来人救救我们  Somebody help us
比飓风更有力量 比杀人鲸更勇敢  Mightier than a hurricane Braver than a killer whale
比海鳗更迅速  Faster than a moray eel
这是大无畏又爱冒险的  It's the fearless adventurers...
双人探险家  Slash  explorers.
冲锋迪普 和他忠心的助手戴许  Titanic Tip and his trusty sidekick Dash
完了     怎么又是他们  Oh, no.     Not them.
机会来了 快赎罪吧  This is it, Dash. Redemption.
不要那只海象啊  No, not the walrus.
抱歉 对不起     喔  Sorry. Excuse me.     Ow
那是你的脸吗  Oh, was that your face?
我们这一下真的要当英雄了  We're finally gonna be heroes for real.
对啊 他们再也不会嘲笑我们了  Yeah, they're not gonna laugh at us any more.
这太简单了  This is too easy.
好 一 然后 二  And a  one, and a  two,
然后… 鲨鱼  and a shark...
鲨鱼？     鲨鱼  Shark?     Shark
鲨鱼 鲨鱼 鲨鱼     借过一下  Shark, shark, shark     Coming through
上来 上来 上来     下去  Going up, going up, going up     Going down.
借过…  Get off me
也没那么糟嘛  Well, that wasn't so bad.
妈妈     唔  Mama     Mmm
又完美的… 执行了一个计划  Another plan perfectly executed.
你们两个到底在干什么  What did you think you were doing?
我们只想当英雄  We were just trying to be heroes.
你们抛着我的宝贝玩 这叫作当英雄  You call abandoning my baby heroic?
你知不知道 你们差一点害死我们大家  You two boys almost got us all killed.
对嘛 什么大无畏的英雄  Oh, yeah, some fearless heroes.
我看是狗熊  More like zeroes
说得好  That's a good one
尽量笑… 最好笑掉你们的黑礼服  Go ahead. Laugh your stinking tuxedos off.
早晚… 要你们好看  We'll show you, someday.
对不起     啊  Excuse me.     Ahh
你们两个不要怕我 我不会伤害你们的  You don't have to be scared of me. I won't hurt you.
怕你？有谁我说在害怕来着？  Scared? Who said anything about being scared?
你难道还不了解 逃避这种战术吗？  Don't you know an evasive manoeuvre when you see one?
嗨 我是美莉缇  Hi. I'm Melody.
他叫迪普 我叫戴许  This here's Tip, and I'm Dash.
对不起啊 对陌生人掏心挖肺先生  Excuse me, Mr I Spill My Guts To Total Strangers.
你泄漏了我们的身份     我只是试着表示友善啊  You just blew our cover.     I was just trying to be friendly.
两位 我真的必须要走了  Uh, guys, I really need to get going,
所以… 只要你们能告诉我  so if you could just tell me...
看吧 现在她要走了 而这些全都是你的错  See? Now she's gonna leave, and it's all your fault.
我的错 这…  My fault?
两位…     她可能是对肥肉过敏  Guys...     She's probably allergic to blubber.
是吗？  Oh, yeah?
也许她只是不喜欢 那些不会飞的鸟  Well, maybe she doesn't like birds that can't fly
两位… 你也不会飞  Guys... Well, you can't fly either.
可是… 你的脸长得很抱歉  And you walk funny.
两位…     是吗 我…  Guys     Oh, yeah?
反正你不会飞  Well, you can't fly either
两位…  Guys
你们知道怎么去亚特蓝提卡 我的时间不多了  Do either of you know how to get to Atlantica? I don't have much time.
你为什么要去亚特蓝提卡  Why do you want to go to Atlantica?
我要帮朋友拿回被偷走的东西  I have to get something that was stolen from a friend.
如果没拿到 我就会变回一个…  If I don't, I'll turn back into...
什么？你会变回一个什么？  A what? Turn back into a what?
人类  A human.
我早就知道你有点儿奇怪  I knew there was something unfishy about you.
算你倒霉 小姐 写信给我们  Tough break, sister. Drop us a line.
告诉我们结果怎么样  Let us know how it all turns out.
我们带你去     你愿意  We'll take you.     You will?
我们愿意？     她现在是个落难中的少女  We will?     She's a damsel in distress.
这可是我们的机会  It's our big chance.
天啊  Whew. Hoo  boy.
我不相信我会这么做 谁来阻止我  I can't believe I'm doing this. Somebody stop me.
好吧 我们加入  All right, then, we're in.
到亚特蓝提卡吧  On to Atlantica
乘风破浪  Taming the tides
勇往直前  Swarming the seas
所有梭鱼麻烦你们听仔细  Beware, barracudas Drop to your knees
保护我们的朋友和海葵  Defending our friends and anemones
他像只鲸鱼  As big as a whale
还有个小小尾巴  With a much smaller tail
为朋友我们握紧拳头  Facing the foe with our fearless flukes
再强的敌人也不会退缩  Daring the dastards to put up their dukes
不问结果  Great globs of gore We'll storm the shore
为正义我们写下承诺  And seek the unknown
我们能活着回来吗？  Then can we go home?
冲锋迪普 敢死戴许  Titanic Tip and Daring Dash
我们是冒险双人组  Adventurers  slash  explorers
冲锋迪普 敢死戴许  Titanic Tip and Daring Dash
我们是冒险双人组  Adventurers  slash  explorers
重洋远渡 誓死保护  Our gallant quest to do our best
所有人对我欢呼  And smile for our adorers
成功出击     创造奇迹  We'll save the day     And make a splash
冲锋迪普 敢死戴许  Titanic Tip and Daring Dash
我用螃蟹爪子来用力敲  We'll clobber those crabs with their clammy claws
我用我的嘴巴来用力咬  We'll shatter those sharks with their savage jaws
他无法闪避     我们所向无敌  The battle is fierce     And mercifully brief
所有的人为你庆祝 这成功胜利  The conquering heroes return as kings of the reef
享用这美味  We'll dine with the best
穿着有品味  Dressed with a flair
攀登高山  Climb every mountain
还要超越巅峰  Because it's there
改写历史创造那奇迹  Come on, follow me We'll make history
要勇敢向前  To courage To us
三叉戟     尽全力  The trident     Or bust
冲锋迪普 敢死戴许  Titanic Tip and Daring Dash
我们是冒险三人组  Adventurers  slash  explorers
冲锋迪普 敢死戴许  Titanic Tip and Daring Dash
我们是冒险三人组  Adventurers  slash  explorers
成功出击     创造奇迹  We'll save the day     And make a splash
美莉缇     迪普 敢死戴许  Melody     Tip and Daring Dash
我们三人一条心不畏艰难  All for three and three for one
亚特兰提卡  Atlantica
打胜仗  Here we come
我就知道这是真的  I knew it It's real
亚特兰提卡  Atlantica.
没有错 小公主  That's right, Princess.
再继续向前走  Just a little further.
斗蓬 匕首  Cloak Dagger
去确定不准让任何人 干扰她的归来  Go make sure that no one interferes with her return. Hmm?
爸爸 你有她的消息吗？  Have you heard anything, Daddy?
我到处都找过了 但是我… 小比目鱼  I've been searching everywhere, but I'd... Flounder
爸爸  Daddy
又怎么了  Now what?
对不起     艾莉儿  Sorry.     Ariel?
小比目鱼？     艾莉儿  Flounder?     Ariel
我好想念你  Oh, I've missed you
老天 你再也不是以前那个小东西了  Boy, you're sure not a guppy any more.
你说得一点也没错  You can say that again.
来玩球     给我  Over here     Throw it to me
对了     给我…  Yeah     I want it
孩子们 我跟你们说过多少次了  Children, what did I say
不要在暗礁上面踢蚌壳  about playing Kick the Clam on the reef?
对不起 爸     小东西  Sorry, Dad.     Kids.
关于美莉缇的事我很抱歉  I'm sorry about Melody.
小比目鱼 我真的需要你的帮忙  Flounder, I really need your help.
你放心 任何人都没有办法阻止我  Wild sea horses couldn't stop me.
来吧     跟我来  Oh, boy     Follow me
来吧  Come on
这里好漂亮啊  It's so beautiful.
抱歉 我的…     抱歉 我的错  Sorry. My...     Sorry. My fault.
错     嗨  ...fault.     Hi.
我以前在这儿没见过你 你叫什么名字？  I don't think I've seen you around here. What's your name?
我是美…  I'm Mel... Mel...
大伙儿 来见美美  Hey, guys Meet Mel  Mel.
嗨     想跟我们一起玩吗？  Hi.     Hey, you wanna hang out with us?
好了 好了 让开吧 快点让开  All right, all right. Break it up. Break it up
这里没什么好看的 快点走  There's nothing to see here. Move along.
走了 超人气小姐  Come on, Miss Popularity.
我们还有个任务要完成 记得吗  We have a previous engagement. Remember?
有空我们再一起玩  Maybe I'll catch you later.
这就是  This is what happens
带着乡巴佬鱼儿 到大城市的后果  when you bring a country fish to the big city.
那是一只企鹅吗？  Was that a penguin?
我要上来  Nice crib.
快 跟我来  Come on. Follow me.
一定就是他了  That must be him.
他看起来好悲伤  He looks sad.
他不像一个贼     一向都是如此  He doesn't look like a thief.     They never do.
你们看在那里  Look There it is
叉子？ 我们为了一支叉子冒生命危险  A fork? We're risking our tails for a fork?
我们没有时间在这儿用餐  We haven't time for this.
我要每个有空的人鱼加入搜索  I want every available merman searching
去找她 找回她  Find her
戴许 如果要完蛋了  Dash, if this is the end,
伙伴 我只希望你知道  I just want you to know, pal,
我很抱歉去笑你的那些肥肉  I'm sorry I said that thing about the blubber.
我也不该说你有口臭的事     是吗？  Well, I'm sorry about the fish breath.     Yeah...
你从来没说过这个事     但我心里想过  You didn't say anything about that.     But I was thinking it.
川顿大王 您的女儿回来了  King Triton, your daughter has returned.
刚刚好险哦  Ooh, that was close.
是啊 没错 你慢慢来 放轻松  Oh, sure, that's it. Take your time. Kick back. Relax.
我们就没事在这儿等着送命吧  Let's all just linger here and die
我相信她很快就会出现  I'm sure she'll turn up soon.
他又回来了  He's coming back
我的坠子  My necklace
艾莉儿 不要担心 我们会找到她的  Ah, don't worry, Ariel. We'll find her.
爸爸 三叉戟呢？  Daddy The trident
这是不可能的  But that's not possible.
没有人能从三叉戟的座上 拿起它  Nobody can remove the trident from the stand except you, sire.
只有你 陛下 只有你或是你的子孙啊  You or one of your descendants.
美莉缇  Melody.
我到底该看顾谁  Who I was supposed to be watching.
来吧 把我剖开 把我做成螃蟹蛋糕吧  Go ahead, crack me open. Make a crab cake out of me, sire.
她是怎么到这里来的  But how could she have gotten here?
莫吉娜 如果是她拿了我的三叉戟的话  Morgana. If she gets her hands on my trident...
搜索队再加一倍  Double the search parties
我要海里每一种生物 都开始巡逻  I want every creature in the ocean on patrol
遵命 陛下  Yes, sire
等一下  Wait a minute.
我认识那两个  I know those two.
这全是我的错  It's all my fault.
如果我能再多注意她一点  If I had just paid a little more attention
而不是喋喋不休 一直讲  instead of blabbering on and on and on...
一直讲 一直讲  ...and on and on.
国王陛下 从现在起 任何人休想经过…  From now on, Your Majesty, nothing gets past
我这  me.
我们成功了  We did it
这么久以来 亚特兰提卡原来就在家附近  All this time Atlantica was never that far away from home.
这里就是你的家？  This is your home?
以前是的  It used to be.
好棒的家 外面看来真是壮观  Whoa, what a pad. Talk about your kerb appeal.
不过有了那面墙  But what's with the wall?
让人感觉好像有层隔阂 看起来怪怪的  I know good fences make good neighbours, but isn't that a bit much?
是啊？你们想阻止什么外人  What you trying to keep out?
那面墙不是要阻止外人  It wasn't built to keep something out.
只是为了想要阻止我  It was built to keep me in.
走 我们走  Come on. Let's go.
孩子 你知道吗？ 我们三个可以变成很棒的搭档  You know, kid, the three of us, we make a pretty good team.
等你永远成为美人鱼 我们就是永远的朋友  Once you're a permanent mermaid, we'll be friends forever.
我们永不分离     什么事都不能把我们分开  We'll be inseparable.     Nothing will ever come between us.
鲨鱼 快逃 快闪     鲨鱼  Shark Run Run     Shark
别跑  No, wait
等一下 那只是…  It's just...
这么急着走  Leaving so soon, boys?
该怎么说呢 有本事就是老大  What can I say? When you got it, you got it.
你拿到了  Hey You got it
宝贝 你是我的英雄  Sweetheart, you're my new hero.
走吧 该来玩一点魔法了  Let's go. It's time for some magic.
但… 但是我的朋友  But... But my friends...
你说你把那两个胆小鬼 当成你的朋友  Ha You mean you call those two yellow  bellied sea slugs your friends?
走啊  Come on
你到底想不想当人鱼啊  You wanna be a mermaid, or what?
我们有力量 我们有力量  We got the power. We got the power.
我们有力量  We got the power
原来是在这里  So there it is.
尽可能快游回去告诉我爸爸 我会试着去找美莉缇  Swim back as fast as you can and tell my father. I'll try to find Melody.
跟那些蝠魟鱼  Oh, but if that old sea witch is in there, and then there's that mean little shark,
然后她用那些… 那些恶心的触角  and then those manta rays come, and then she takes those creepy tentacles
那种吸盘吸住你的脸蛋 然后 然后…  so suction cups stick to your face, and...
你休想自己单独跑进那里  No way you're going in there alone.
但是小比目鱼 如果我们都进去  But, Flounder, if we both go,
谁去告诉爸爸莫吉娜在哪儿  who's going to tell Daddy where Morgana's lair is?
这里到底在吵些什么 美莉缇在这里吗？  What's all the whispering about? Is Melody around here?
你找到她没有？如果她…     史卡托  Did you find her yet? If she's...     Scuttle
下来不要出声  Get down and be quiet.
等一下  Wait a minute.
史卡托可以去求救啊  Scuttle can get help.
史卡托 我有一件非常重要的事 需要你帮忙  Scuttle, I need you to pay very close attention.
我们糗大了  We're doomed.
哎呀 亲爱的 你回来啦  Oh, there you are, darling
我实在好为你担心  Oh, I was so worried about you.
瞧瞧 你带回我的三叉戟了  And look You've brought back my trident.
你真聪明     快给她 快给她…  Clever girl.     Give it to her Give it to her
原谅他 他对尺寸问题有点疯狂  Forgive him, dear. He's got a little size issue.
现在麻烦你 把手上的那个三叉…  Now, if you'll just hand over the...
美莉缇 不要 不要听她的     妈  Melody, don't Don't listen to her     Mom
你是一只美人鱼？     你是一只美人鱼？  You're a mermaid?     You're a mermaid?
艾莉儿 你能来真是太好了  Ariel, how nice of you to come.
你还带了比目鱼跟你一块儿  And you brought Flopper with you.
我的名字是比目鱼  The name's Flounder.
你才去呢 小侏儒  "Grrr" yourself, pipsqueak.
快用那东西指着我  Get that thing and hit me.
咬一口他就完蛋了  One bite, and he's shrimp toast.
亲爱的 快把那三叉戟给我  Sweetheart, hand me my trident now.
这么多年了 你… 你从来都没告诉过我  All this time, and you never told me?
这么重要的秘密 怎么可以瞒着自己的女儿呢  Kept the most important secret in her whole life from her own daughter.
拜托 把它给我 美莉缇  Please, give it to me, Melody.
不 交给我  No, hand it to me.
这是为你自己好     她在说谎  It's for your own good.     She's lying
我达成了你长久以来的心愿  I've given you what you've always wanted.
而她… 却是那个 一直都对你说谎的人  She's the one who lied to you all these years.
我… 我只是要保护你     所以把我关住  I was trying to protect you.     By fencing me in?
你明知道我有多爱大海  You knew how much I loved the sea.
你为什么 一直都不肯告诉我真相  Why did you keep the truth from me?
美莉缇 你听我说 如果现在可以 让我重新再来过的话 我一定…  Melody, listen to me. If there was one thing in my life that I could do over...
太迟了 妈  Too late, Mom.
美莉缇 不要  Melody, no
现在七海所有的权力 都是我的了  All the power of the seven seas at my command
哈罗 我们能照计划走吗  Hello Can we get with the programme?
下面这里还是个小世界  It's still a small world down here
妈  Mom
你妈妈所做的每件事情 都只是为了要保护你  Your mommy was only trying to protect you from moi
她会这么做全都是出自于…  What she did, she did out of...
爱  ...love.
小美莉缇 实在是非常顽皮的女孩  Little Melody's been a very naughty girl,
居然会偷自己外公的东西  stealing from her own grandfather.
什么 他是我的外公  My grandfather?
川顿国王 海洋的最高总指挥 亚特兰提卡的统治者  King Triton, ruler of Atlantica, commander in chief of all of the oceans
至少以前是 直到某个小偷出现为止  Or at least he was, until a certain little thief came along.
你这个骗子  You tricked me.
不能怪任何人 只能怪自己  You've got no one to blame but yourself.
告诉我 美莉缇  Tell me, Melody.
当人鱼是你最大的梦想  Is being a mermaid everything you dreamed?
这样做值得吗？  Was it worth it?
美莉缇  Melody
还有一件事  Oh, and by the way,
你当人鱼的时间就快要过了  your time as a mermaid has just about expired.
待会儿见了  Catch you later.
我还有更大的事要办  I've got bigger fish to fry
更大的事 这才像话啊  Bigger fish Now, there's an idea
我们还得继续试  We gotta keep trying.
没有用的 这个太厚了  It's no use. It's too thick.
比目鱼  Oh, Flounder.
我把事情都搞砸了  I've ruined everything.
我们是废物 两个废物  We're guppies, man. Jellyfish.
伟大的迪普和戴许  The great Tip and Dash.
根本就是两个没用的胆小鬼  Cowards  slash  losers.
至少我们还活着  Well, at least we're alive.
是啊 如果这也叫作活着的话  Yeah, if you wanna call this living.
没错 这么想的话  Okay, on the one hand,
我们就可以活得健康又长寿  we can live a long, healthy life
只是令人恶心 可悲 懦弱…  albeit as disgusting, pathetic, cowardly...
寄生虫     这个好 很好  Worms.     That's good. Good.
懦弱的寄生虫  Cowardly worms.
但另一方面 我们可以鼓起勇气  On the other hand, we could gather our courage, if we had any
如果我们有的话 攻击那个要塞 并且当英雄  and storm the fortress and be heroes.
是啊 直到他们把我们拿去当鱼饵  Yeah, until they hack us up into fish bait.
你说得对  You're right.
美莉缇在里面  Melody's in there.
她可能有大麻烦 她可能真的需要我们的帮忙  She could be in big trouble. She may really need our help
所以要怎么样  So what's it gonna be?
一辈子都当寄生虫  A lifetime as worms,
还是只有两分钟的英雄  or two minutes as heroes?
全都向莫吉娜女王致敬  All hail Queen Morgana
我在致敬 我在致敬  I'm hailing I'm hailing
撑着点 艾莉儿  Hold on, sweetie
救兵赶到了  The cavalry is coming
艾莉儿  Ariel
亚力克王子  Ah Prince Eric.
你也来参加派对  Come to join the party?
我们玩得正开心  We're having a blast
这是乌苏拉最想看到的画面  Oh, how dear Ursula would have adored this.
莫吉娜  Morgana
川顿国王？  King Triton?
拜托 你只能做到这样而已吗？  Oh, please Is that the best you can do?
快放开我女儿 并交出我的外孙女  Release my daughter, surrender my granddaughter
我或许会饶了你  and I shall spare you.
你要怎么做？ 拿螃蟹砸我吗？  What you gonna do? Throw the crab at me?
面对现实吧 川顿 你已经完了  Face it, Triton. You're all washed up
我要教你一点礼貌才行  I'm gonna be teaching you some manners
这下可好 我成了饵了  Oh, look at me. I'm bait
小心啦  Look out
美莉缇在哪儿？ 你把美莉缇怎么了？  Where's Melody? What have you done with her?
你想加入你的女儿 这个我想是可以安排的  Oh, you want to join your daughter? I think that can be arranged.
亚力克  Eric
你是一个很坏心的女人  You are a very bad lady
非常坏  Very bad.
两位 想去哪儿啊  Going somewhere, boys?
我们只是在找企鹅的厕所  Uh, we're just looking for the little penguings room.
很荣幸能够认识你  Well, it's been nice knowing ya.
他真是一个勇敢的家伙  Now, that is one brave hunk of blubber.
我来拖住他 你去找美莉缇  I'll hold him You go find Melody
快一点  Hurry
天啊 这是怎么回事啊  What's... What's happening?
不  Oh, no Oh...
你不是说你要拖住他     我正在拖他  I thought you were gonna hold him     I am holding him
大鱼乖乖  Nice fishy.
你长的好大  Ooh. Big fishy.
撑着点 美莉缇  Hold on, Melody
就算是拼了我这条老命  I'm gonna bust us out of here
我也一定会带我们…  if it's the last thing I...
离开这里  do.
迪普  Tip Help
又完美的执行了一个计划  Another plan perfectly executed.
美莉缇  Melody
我现在有了三叉戟  Fools I have the trident now.
海洋中所有的生物 都在我的掌握中  And all the creatures of the sea are in my power
我是海洋的女王  I'm the queen of the sea,
你们全都要匍匐在我脚下  and you will bow down before me
这会出人命的     你这可怜的笨蛋  This can't be good for the lower back.     Pathetic fools
见识我拥有多么伟大的力量  Watch and see how utterly powerful I can be
你们这些有鳍的  The end begins
全都开始完蛋了  for all of you with fins
轮到你了 川顿  That's it, Triton.
跪下  Bow down
快点给我跪下  Bow down before me
不 国王陛下 你不能跪  No, Your Majesty. You mustn't.
对不起 赛巴斯丁  I'm sorry, Sebastian. I have no choice.
我… 我别无选择  Oh Wishes do come true.
看到了没有 妈  See that, Ma?
现在你最喜欢谁啊  Who's your favourite now?
都结束了 川顿  It's over, Triton.
现在我宣判你…  I sentence you
永远被湮灭  to oblivion
是你  You
你以为你拿那个东西 能够做什么？  Just what do you think you're going to do with that?
你退后  Stay back
你拿反了 宝贝  Wrong end, sweetheart.
外公吗？  Grandfather?
我想这应该是属于你的  I think this belongs to you.
不  No
你跟你的同伴 再也不能威胁我的家人  Never again will you or yours threaten my family.
你们将再也无路可逃  There will be no escape for you
直到永远  ever
爸？     美莉缇  Dad?     Oh, Melody,
我好怕我们会失去你  I was so afraid we'd lost you.
妈 对不起  I'm sorry, Mother.
不 宝贝 我们很抱歉  Oh, no, sweetie. We're sorry.
我们早该告诉你真相的  We should have told you the truth.
我不是故意要伤害你们  I didn't mean to hurt anyone.
只是我一直希望 我能当一只快乐的人鱼  I just hoped I'd be a better mermaid than a girl.
美莉缇 无论你是有脚 或者是鳍都没关系  Oh, Melody, sweetie, it doesn't matter if you have fins or feet.
我们爱的是原来真正的你  We love you for who you are on the inside.
我们非常勇敢的小女儿  Our very brave little girl.
就像你妈一样  Just like your mother.
外公  Oh, Grandfather
美莉缇 我不会怪你想要加入 我们的人鱼族  Melody, I don't blame you for wanting to join us merfolk.
因为你是我最可爱的外孙女  And because you're my granddaughter,
我要给你一个最宝贵的礼物  I'm giving you a most precious gift.
一个选择 你可以跟我到亚特兰提卡  A choice, you can come to Atlantica with me
或是你可以回到你陆地上的家  or you can return to your home on land.
你自己选择  It's up to you.
我有一个更好的办法  I have a better idea.
现在我们全都能在一起了  Now we can all be together
我听见音乐响起 在空中飘荡不停  I feel the music playing It's swinging and it's swaying
挑动我的神经  Life is a rhapsody
今天大伙儿多开心 我们要团聚一起  Today we're so delighted Today we're all united
在海洋和陆地  Here on the land and sea
船儿在水面航行  I see the sails are sailing Even the whales are whaling
鲸鱼也加入游行  We're swimming fancy free
世界风平浪静 这感觉多美好  We're feeling better now
我们又唱又跳 在海洋和陆地  We sing together now here on the land and sea
啦  嘀  哒 跟着节拍  La  dee  da Pick up the beat
放开怀自由自在  Move your fins and move your feet
来摇摆 多愉快  Life is sweet, life is grand
吹吹泡泡烦恼都抛开  Blowing bubbles with the bass sprats band
大家一起来     快下来嘛  Everybody now     Come on in
这里的水够大家玩的啦  There's plenty of water for everyone
当心  Look out
再没有狂风暴雨     从今后我们一起  There's no more stormy weather     Now we can sing together
唱出优美旋律  In perfect harmony
这感觉多美好  We're feeling better now
我们又唱又跳 在海洋和陆地  We sing together now here on the land and sea
唱出声音     啦 嘀 哒 嘟  Those on land sing     La dee dah doh
唱出热情     啦 嘀 哒 嘟  Those below sing     Lo dee doh doh
多欢欣 无法言喻  Life is sweet as sweet can be
在海洋也在陆地  On the land and on the sea
大家一起来  Everybody sing
来吧 迪普下来玩玩 海水很棒哦  Come on, Grimsby, join us. The water's great
我可不觉得 陛下 这主意好像有点荒唐  I think not, sir. The very idea seems rather absur...
这感觉多美好 我们又唱又跳  We're feeling better now We sing together now
在海洋和陆地  Here on the land and sea
抱歉  Sorry.
这感觉多美好 我们又唱又跳  We're feeling better now We sing together now
在海洋和陆地  Here on the land And sea
Look at this stuff, isn't it neat
Wouldn't you think my collection's complete
Wouldn't you think I'm the girl
The girl who has everything
Look at this trove Treasures untold
How many wonders can one cavern hold
Looking around here you'd think
Sure, she's got everything
I've got gadgets and gizmos a  plenty
I've got who's  it's and what's  it's galore
You want thingamabobs I've got twenty
But who cares No big deal
I want more
I want to be where the people are
I want to see Want to see them dancing
Walking around on those What do you call them
Oh, feet
Flipping your fins you don't get too far
Legs are required for jumping, dancing
Strolling along down the What's that word again
Street
Up where they walk
Up where they run
Up where they stay all day in the sun
Wandering free
Wish I could be part of that world
What would I give if I could live
Out of these waters
What would I pay to spend a day
Warm on the sand
Betcha on land they understand
Bet they don't reprimand their daughters
Bright young women
Sick of swimming
Ready to stand
And ready to know what the people know
Ask them my questions and get some answers
What's a fire and why does it What's the word
Burn
When's it my turn Wouldn't I love
Love to explore that shore up above
Out of the sea
Wish I could be
Part of that world

